EX-10.3

4

ex10-3.htm

 

 

Exhibit
10.3

 

FIRST
AMENDMENT

 

THIS
FIRST AMENDMENT to the Guaranty (as defined below) (the “Amendment”) is entered into as of February 9, 2024 (the “Effective
Date”), by and between SRP Artesia, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the “Guarantor”), and Mast Hill Fund,
L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the “Lender”, and collectively with Guarantor, the “Parties”).

 

BACKGROUND

 

A.
Clearday, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “Borrower”) and the Lender are the parties to that certain promissory note in
the original principal amount of $600,000.00 dated on or around July 1, 2022 (the “First Note”); and

 

B.
The Borrower and the Lender are the parties to that certain promissory note in the original principal amount of $315,000.00 dated on
or around September 28, 2022 (the “Second Note”); and

 

C.
The Borrower and the Lender are the parties to that certain promissory note in the original principal amount of $756,000.00 dated on
or around January 12, 2023 (including the Third Note Additional Funding (as defined in this Amendment), the “Third Note”,
and collectively with the First Note and Second Note, the “Notes”); and

 

D.
The Parties are the parties to that certain guaranty dated on or around January 12, 2023 (as amended from time to time, the “Guaranty”),
a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit “A”; and

 

E.
The Lender is funding a second tranche purchase price of $100,000.00 under the Third Note on or around the Effective Date, which will
result in an increase of $111,111.11 of principal to the Third Note (the “Third Note Additional Funding”); and

 

F.
Guarantor acknowledges that it expects to benefit from Lender’s funding of the Third Note Additional Funding under the Third Note
because of Guarantor’s relationship with Borrower, and that Guarantor is executing this Guaranty in consideration of that anticipated
benefit; and

 

G.
The Parties desire to amend the Guaranty as set forth expressly below.

 

NOW
THEREFORE, in consideration of the execution and delivery of the Amendment and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, and in order to induce the Lender to fund the Third Note Additional Funding to the Borrower
under the Third Note, the Parties agree as follows:

 

1.
Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Guaranty and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Guaranty.

 

2.
All references to “Loan” in the Guaranty shall be replaced with “Loans”, and “Loans” shall mean the
loans evidenced by the Notes.

 

3.
All references to “Loan Agreement” in the Guaranty shall be replaced with “Loan Agreements”, and “Loan
Agreements” shall mean the Notes and all ancillary documentation entered into between the Borrower and Lender with respect to the
Notes.

 

4.
All references to “Note” in the Guaranty shall be replaced with “Notes”, and “Notes” shall have the
meaning given to it in this Amendment. For the avoidance of doubt, the Obligations (as defined in the Guaranty) shall now mean the payment
of the entire principal balance of the Loans, all accrued interest thereon, all penalties therein, and all costs and expenses incurred
by Lender, including without limitation, the costs and expenses of Lender’s outside counsel, in connection with the enforcement
of Borrower’s obligations under the Notes, as and when the same shall be due and payable.

 

5.
Section 17 of the Guaranty shall be replaced with the following:

 

“17.
Governing Law; Venue. The validity of this Guaranty, its construction, interpretation and enforcement, and the rights of the parties
hereunder, shall be determined under, governed by, and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of Delaware as applied to
contracts made and to be fully performed in such state, without regard to the conflicts of laws provisions thereof. Any action
brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated by this Guaranty, the Loan Agreements, or any
other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby shall be brought only in the state or federal courts
located in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. The parties to this Guaranty hereby irrevocably waive any objection to jurisdiction
and venue of any action instituted hereunder and shall not assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue or based upon 
forum
non conveniens
.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

6.
Section 17 of the Guaranty (as amended) shall apply to this Amendment.

 

7.
This Amendment may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered to the other party shall be
deemed an original. The executed page(s) from each original may be joined together and attached to one such original and shall thereupon
constitute one and the same instrument. Such counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf or any electronic
signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission method and any counterpart
so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes.

 

8.
This Amendment shall be deemed part of, but shall take precedence over and supersede any provisions to the contrary contained in the
Guaranty. Except as specifically modified hereby, all of the provisions of the Guaranty, which are not in conflict with the terms of
this Amendment, shall remain in full force and effect.

 

[Signature
page to follow]

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Amendment as of the date first above written.

 

 

 

SRP ARTESIA, LLC

 
 

 

Mast Hill Fund, L.P.

 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 
By:

 

 Shadow Retail Partners, LP, Sole Member

 

 
 

 
By:

 

/s/ Patrick Hassani

 

 

 

 

 
By:

 
Cibolo Creek Partners, LLC, General Partner of Shadow Retail Partners, LP

 
 

 
Name:

 

 
Patrick Hassani

 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
Title:

 

 
Chief Investment Officer

 

 

 

 

By:
 

 

/s/ B.J. Parrish

 
 

 

 
Name:

 

 B.J. Parrish

 
 

 

 

Title: 

 

Vice President

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Exhibit
A

(see attached)