EX-10.1

6

ex10-1.htm

 

 

Exhibit 10.1

 

BRIDGE
LOAN AGREEMENT

 

Dated
as of October 29, 2024

 

Conduit
Pharmaceuticals Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “

Borrower

”), and A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners (the “

Lender

”)
agree as follows:

 

Article
I 

AMOUNTS
AND TERMS OF THE ADVANCES

 

Section
1.01. 

The Advances.

 

The
Lender agrees, on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, to make an advance (the “

Advance

”) to the
Borrower, into the account of the Borrower at the Lender, on the date hereof in an amount not to exceed $600,000.00 (the “

Commitment

”).

 

Section
1.02. 

Making the Advance.

 

(a) The
Advance shall be made on the date hereof, subject to the conditions below, upon receipt by the Lender of written notice (the “

Advance
Notice

”), given by the Borrower to the Lender on the date hereof. Not later than 11:00 A.M. (New York City time) on the
date hereof and upon fulfillment of the applicable conditions set forth in Article II, the Lender will make such Advance available to
the Borrower in same day funds in the account of the Borrower at the Lender.

 

(b) The
Advance Notice shall be irrevocable and binding on the Borrower. The Borrower shall indemnify the Lender against any loss or reasonable
and documented out of pocket cost or expense incurred by the Lender as a result of any failure to fulfill on or before the date specified
in the Advance Notice for the Advance, the applicable conditions set forth in Article II, including, without limitation, any loss, cost
or expense incurred by reason of the liquidation or reemployment of deposits or other funds acquired by the Lender to fund the Advance
when the Advance, as a result of such failure, is not made on such date.

 

Section
1.03. 

Warrant. 

As
partial consideration for the Advance, the Company agrees to issue the Lender a warrant to purchase shares of the Borrower’s common
stock in an amount equal to 50% of the sum of the Commitment divided by the closing price of the Borrower’s common stock as of
the date of this Bridge Loan Agreement, in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit B (the “

Warrant

”).

 

Section
1.04. 

Repayment.

 

The
Borrower shall repay the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Advance in accordance with a promissory note of the Borrower, in substantially
the form of Exhibit A hereto (the “

Note

”), evidencing the indebtedness resulting from the Advance and delivered
to the Lender pursuant to Article II.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Section
1.05. 

Interest.

 

The
Borrower shall pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of the Advance from the date of such Advance until such principal amount shall
be paid in full, at a rate equal at all times to 4.21% per annum.

 

Section
1.06. 

Prepayments.

 

The
Borrower shall have the right prior to the Maturity Date to prepay, plus any accrued but unpaid interest thereon, any principal amount
of the Advance.

 

Section
1.07. 

Certain Definitions.

 

(a)
“

Business Day

” means a day of the year on which banks are not required or authorized to close in New York City.

 

(b)
“

Maturity Date

” means December 31, 2024.

 

Section
1.08. 

Payments and Computations.

 

(a) The
Borrower shall repay all of the outstanding balance of the Advance hereunder and under the Note, as well as any accrued and unpaid interest
and fees not later than 11:00 A.M. (New York City time) on the Maturity Date in U.S. dollars to the Lender at its address referred to
in Section 6.03 in same day funds.

 

(b) The
Borrower hereby authorizes the Lender, if and to the extent payment is not made when due hereunder or under the Note, to charge from
time to time against any or all of the Borrower’s accounts with the Lender any amount so due.

 

(c) All
computations of interest shall be made by the Lender on the basis of a year of 360 days.

 

Article
II 

CONDITIONS
OF LENDING

 

Section
2.01. 

Condition Precedent to Initial Advance.

 

The
obligation of the Lender to make the Advance is subject to the condition precedent that the Lender shall have received on or before the
day of such Advance the following, each dated such day, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Lender:

 

(a)
The Note.

 

(b) Certified
copies of the resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Borrower approving this Agreement and the Note, and of all documents evidencing
other necessary corporate action and governmental approvals, if any, with respect to this Agreement and the Note.

 

 

2

 

 

 

 

(c) A
certificate of the Chief Executive Officer of the Borrower certifying (1) that each of the representations and warranties contained in
Section 3.01 hereof are true in all material respects (without duplication of materiality) and shall be true in all material respects
(without duplication of materiality) on the date of the Advance (or such earlier date, if so specified); (2) that no event has occurred
and is continuing, or would result from such Advance or from the application of the proceeds therefrom, which constitutes an Event of
Default (as defined in Section 5.01 hereof) or would constitute an Event of Default but for the requirement that notice be given or time
elapse or both; and (3) the names and true signatures of the officers of the Borrower authorized to sign this Agreement and the Note
and the other documents to be delivered hereunder.

 

(d) An
opinion of Thompson Hine LLP, counsel for the Borrower, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Lender with respect to such
customary matters as the Lender may reasonably request.

 

(e) The
Advance Notice.

 

(f) Receipt
of such other approvals or documents as the Lender may reasonably request.

 

(e) A
duly executed Warrant.

 

Article
III 

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES

 

Section
3.01. 

Representations and Warranties of
the Borrower.

 

The
Borrower represents and warrants as follows:

 

(a) The
Borrower is a corporation duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction indicated at the
beginning of this Agreement.

 

(b) The
execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower of this Agreement and the Note are within the Borrower’s corporate powers,
have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action, and do not contravene (i) the Borrower’s certificate of incorporation
or by-laws or (ii) law or any contractual restriction binding on or affecting the Borrower, except, in the case of this clause (ii),
to the extent it could not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse change on the Borrower.

 

(c) No
authorization or approval or other action by, and no notice to or filing with, any governmental authority or regulatory body is required
for the due execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower of this Agreement or the Note, except for those that have otherwise been
obtained or made on or prior to the date hereof and which remain in full force and effect on the date that the Borrower receives the
initial Advance.

 

(d) This
Agreement is, and the Note when delivered hereunder will be, legal, valid and binding obligations of the Borrower enforceable against
the Borrower in accordance with their respective terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency or other laws of general application relating
to the enforcement of creditors’ rights.

 

 

3

 

 

 

 

(e) The
consolidated financial statements of the Borrower included or incorporated by reference in the Company’s Registration Statement
on Form S-3 (the “

Registration Statement

”) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “

SEC

”)
on October 24, 2024 and the Prospectus included therein (the “

Prospectus

”), together with the related notes
and schedules, present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Borrower and its subsidiaries as
of the dates indicated and the consolidated statement of operations, consolidated statement of cash flows and consolidated statement
of stockholders’ equity (deficit) of the Borrower for the periods specified, except that such unaudited financial statements are
subject to normal year-end adjustments and lack footnotes required by GAAP, and have been prepared in compliance in all material respects
with the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as applicable, and in conformity
with generally accepted accounting principles (“

GAAP

”) in the United States as in effect as of the time of
filing applied on a consistent basis (except for such adjustments to accounting standards and practices as are noted therein) during
the periods involved.

 

(f) There
is no pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened action or proceeding affecting the Borrower or any of its subsidiaries
before any court, governmental agency or arbitrator, which may materially adversely affect the financial condition or operations of the
Borrower or any subsidiary or which purports to affect the legality, validity or enforceability of this Agreement or the Note.

 

(g) The
Borrower is not engaged in the business of extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock (within the meaning
of Regulation U issued by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), and no proceeds of any Advance will be used to purchase
or carry any margin stock or to extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any margin stock.

 

Article
IV 

COVENANTS
OF THE BORROWER

 

Section
4.01. 

Affirmative Covenants.

 

So
long as the Note shall remain unpaid or the Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder, the Borrower will, unless the Lender shall otherwise
consent in writing:

 

(a) 
Use
of Proceeds
. Only use the proceeds from the Advance for working capital and general corporate purposes.

 

(b) 
Compliance
with Laws, Etc
. Comply, and cause each of its subsidiaries to comply, in all material respects with all applicable laws, rules, regulations
and orders, such compliance to include, without limitation, paying before the same become delinquent all taxes, assessments and governmental
charges imposed upon it or upon its property except to the extent contested in good faith.

 

(c) 
Reporting
Requirements
. Furnish to the Lender such information respecting the condition or operations, financial or otherwise, of the Borrower
or any of its subsidiaries as the Lender may from time to time reasonably request.

 

 

4

 

 

 

 

(d) 
Stockholder
Approval
. The Borrower shall hold an annual or special meeting of stockholders on or prior to the date that is ninety (90) days following
the issuance date of the Warrant for the purpose of obtaining the approval of the Borrower’s stockholders as may be required under
Nasdaq rules to permit the exercise of the Warrant (the “

Stockholder Approval

”), with the recommendation of
the Borrower’s Board of Directors that such proposals are approved, and the Borrower shall solicit proxies from its stockholders
in connection therewith in the same manner as all other management proposals in such proxy statement and all management-appointed proxyholders
shall vote their proxies in favor of such proposals. If the Borrower does not obtain Stockholder Approval at the first meeting, the Borrower
shall call a meeting every ninety (90) days thereafter to seek Stockholder Approval until the Stockholder Approval is obtained.

 

(e) 
Sales
Agreement Use of Proceeds
. The Borrower covenants and agrees that any and all proceeds generated from the sale if its securities
pursuant to the terms of the Sales Agreement with the Lender dated October 23, 2024 (the “

Sales Agreement

”),
shall be used to repay the Commitment, plus all accrued and unpaid interest, until such amounts are repaid in full.

 

(f) 
Waiver
of Side Letter Condition
. Reference is made to that certain side letter executed by and between the Lender and the Borrower, dated
September 22, 2023 (the “

Side Letter

”). Pursuant to the terms of the Side Letter, the Lender and Borrower agreed
that 25% of the net proceeds of any Capital Raise (as defined in the Side Letter) would be paid to the Lender until the full Deferred
Amount (as defined in the Side Letter) has been paid (the “

Capital Repayment Condition

”). The Lender and Borrower
hereby covenant and agree to waive the Capital Repayment Condition until such time as the Commitment, plus all accrued and unpaid interest,
are repaid to the Lender in full. After such repayment, the Capital Repayment Condition shall continue to remain in effect until the
Deferred Amount (as defined in the Side Letter) is repaid in full, however the Capital Repayment Condition shall not be paid from proceeds
raised from the Sales Agreement.

 

Section
4.02. 

Negative Covenants.

 

So
long as the Note shall remain unpaid or the Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder, the Borrower will not, without the written consent
of the Lender:

 

 

5

 

 

 

 

(a) 
Liens,
Etc
. Create or suffer to exist, or permit any of its subsidiaries to create or suffer to exist, any lien, security interest or other
charge or encumbrance, or any other type of preferential arrangement, upon or with respect to any of its properties, whether now owned
or hereafter acquired, or assign, or permit any of its subsidiaries to assign, any right to receive income, in each case to secure or
provide for the payment of any Debt, except for Permitted Liens. “

Permitted Liens

” means (i) liens for taxes
not yet due and payable, for less than $100,000 in the aggregate, or which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings
diligently pursued, provided that provision for the payment of all such taxes has been made on the books of such person as may be required
by GAAP, consistently applied; (ii) mechanics’, materialmen’s, banker’s, carriers’, warehousemen’s and
similar liens and encumbrances arising in the ordinary course of business and securing obligations of such person that are not overdue
for a period of more than 60 days, for less than $100,000 in the aggregate, or are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings
diligently pursued, provided that in the case of any such contest (1) any proceedings commenced for the enforcement of such liens and
encumbrances shall have been duly suspended; and (2) such provision for the payment of such liens and encumbrances has been made on the
books of such person as may be required by GAAP, consistently applied; (iii) liens arising in connection with worker’s compensation,
unemployment insurance, old age pensions and social security benefits and similar statutory obligations which are not overdue, for less
than $100,000 in the aggregate, or are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently pursued, provided that in
the case of any such contest (1) any proceedings commenced for the enforcement of such liens shall have been duly suspended; and (2)
such provision for the payment of such liens has been made on the books of such person as may be required by GAAP, consistently applied;
(iv) liens incurred in the ordinary course of business to secure the performance of statutory obligations arising in connection with
progress payments or advance payments due under contracts with the United States government or any agency thereof entered into in the
ordinary course of business; (v) liens incurred or deposits made in the ordinary course of business to secure the performance of statutory
obligations, bids, leases, fee and expense arrangements with trustees and fiscal agents and other similar obligations (exclusive of obligations
incurred in connection with the borrowing of money, any lease-purchase arrangements or the payment of the deferred purchase price of
property), provided that full provision for the payment of all such obligations set forth in clauses (iv) and (v) has been made on the
books of such person as may be required by GAAP, consistently applied; (vi) (1) liens arising in connection with capital leases (and
attaching only to the property being leased and the proceeds thereof), (2) liens that constitute purchase money security interests on
any property securing debt incurred for the purpose of financing all or any part of the cost of acquiring such property, provided that
any such lien attaches to such property within ninety (90) days of the acquisition thereof and attaches solely to the property so acquired
and the proceeds thereof, and (3) any lien existing on any property or asset prior to the acquisition thereof by the Borrower or any
subsidiary of the Borrower or existing on any property or asset of any person that becomes a subsidiary of the Borrower after the date
of this Agreement prior to the time such person becomes a subsidiary of the Borrower, provided that such lien is not created in contemplation
of or in connection with such acquisition or such person becoming a subsidiary of the Borrower, as the case may be, and extensions, renewals
and replacements thereof that do not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof except by the amount of any interest, premiums
or penalties required to be paid plus fees and expenses associated therewith; (vii) attachments, appeal bonds, judgments and other similar
liens arising in connection with court or legal proceedings, which do not result in an Event of Default, provided the execution or other
enforcement of such liens is effectively stayed and the claims secured thereby are being actively contested in good faith and by appropriate
proceedings; (viii) survey exceptions, easements, zoning and other statutory restrictions, rights of way, restrictions, land use or similar
laws and regulations affecting real property, minor defects or irregularities in title and other similar liens not interfering in any
material respect with the ordinary conduct of the business of the Borrower; (ix) deposits to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts,
leases and other obligations of a like nature, in each case, in the ordinary course of business; (x) customary rights of set-off, revocation,
refund or chargeback under deposit agreements or under the Uniform Commercial Code or common law of banks or other financial institutions
where the Borrower or any of its subsidiaries maintains deposits in the ordinary course of business; (xi) any interest or title of a
lessor, sublessor, licensor or sublicensor under any lease or license permitted hereunder and any leases, subleases, licenses or sublicenses
granted by the Borrower or any of its subsidiaries to third parties in the ordinary course of business and not interfering in any material
respect with the business of the Borrower or such subsidiary; (xii) purported liens evidenced by the filing of precautionary UCC financing
statements relating solely to operating leases of personal property entered into in the ordinary course of business; (xiii) other liens;
provided that aggregate amount of all obligations of the Borrower and its subsidiaries secured by such liens does not exceed $100,000
at any time outstanding and so long as such liens do not attach to accounts receivable or inventory of the Borrower; and (xiv) liens
incurred in connection with the restructuring or refinancing of any Debt as described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus.

 

 

6

 

 

 

 

(b) 
Debt
.
Create or suffer to exist, or permit any of its subsidiaries to create or suffer to exist, any Debt other than as described in the Registration
Statement and the Prospectus, including any filings with the SEC made by Borrower that are incorporated by reference therein, prior to
the date hereof and other Permitted Debt; provided that the Borrower shall be permitted to restructure or refinance any Debt described
in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus (provided that such restructured or refinanced Debt (A) is not for a greater principal
amount than the existing Debt, (B) does not purport to restrict the repayment of indebtedness under this Agreement and the Note, and
(C) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing hereunder). “

Debt

” means (i) indebtedness for
borrowed money, (ii) obligations evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or other similar instruments, (iii) obligations to pay the deferred
purchase price of property or services, (iv) obligations as lessee under leases which shall have been or should be, in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles, recorded as capital leases, (v) obligations under direct or indirect guaranties in respect
of, and obligations (contingent or otherwise) to purchase or otherwise acquire, or otherwise to assure a creditor against loss in respect
of, indebtedness or obligations of others of the kinds referred to in clause (i) through (iv) above, and (vi) liabilities in respect
of unfunded vested benefits under plans covered by Title IV of ERISA. “

Permitted Debt

” means (i) indebtedness
arising hereunder; (ii) current unsecured trade payables and accrued liabilities arising in the ordinary course of the Borrower’s
business (including, without limitation, obligations under operating leases); (iii) purchase money indebtedness and capital leases incurred
in connection with the acquisition of fixed assets in an aggregate amount not exceeding $50,000 at any one time outstanding; (iv) indebtedness
of a subsidiary acquired after the date of this Agreement or an entity merged into or consolidated with the Borrower or any subsidiary
of the Borrower after the date of this Agreement and indebtedness assumed in connection with the acquisition of assets, which indebtedness,
in each case, exists at the time of such acquisition, merger or consolidation and is not created in contemplation of such event and where
such acquisition, merger or consolidation is permitted by this Agreement; (v) indebtedness in respect of netting services, overdraft
protection and otherwise in connection with deposit accounts or similar accounts incurred in the ordinary course of business, provided
such debt is extinguished within five (5) days of its incurrence; (vi) indebtedness incurred in the ordinary course of business in connection
with the financing of insurance premiums of the Borrower or any of its subsidiaries; (vii) indebtedness arising from agreements of the
Borrower providing for indemnification, adjustment of purchase price or acquisition price or similar obligations (including earn-outs),
in each case, incurred or assumed in connection with the acquisition contemplated on the date hereof; and (viii) other indebtedness of
Borrower in an aggregate amount not in excess of $50,000 in the aggregate at any time outstanding.

 

 

7

 

 

 

 

(c) 
Dividends,
Etc
. Declare or make any dividend payment or other distribution of assets, properties, cash, rights, obligations or securities on
account of any shares of any class of capital stock of the Borrower, or purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire for value (or permit any
of its subsidiaries to do so) any shares of any class of capital stock of the Borrower or any warrants, rights or options to acquire
any such shares, now or hereafter outstanding, except that the Borrower may (i) declare and make any dividend payment or other distribution
payable in common stock of the Borrower, and (ii) purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire shares of its common stock or warrants, rights
or options to acquire any such shares with the proceeds received from the substantially concurrent issue of new shares of its common
stock, 
provided,
 that, immediately after giving effect to such proposed action, no Event of Default or event which, with the giving
of notice or lapse of time, or both, would constitute an Event of Default would exist.

 

(d) 
Mergers,
Etc
. Merge or consolidate with or into, or convey, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of (whether in one transaction or in a series
of transactions) all or substantially all of its assets (whether now owned or hereafter acquired) to any person or entity, or permit
any of its subsidiaries to do so, except for Permitted Dispositions. “

Permitted Dispositions

” means (i) sales
of inventory in the ordinary course of its business, (ii) disposition of (1) surplus, obsolete, worn out, replaced, no longer used or
useful, unmerchantable, or unsalable equipment in the ordinary course of business and (2) assets of Borrower to the extent the market
value of the property so disposed of does not exceed $100,000 during any single fiscal year, (iii) abandonment, lapse or other dispositions
of intellectual property that is, in the reasonable good faith judgment of the Borrower or its subsidiary, either no longer economically
practicable or commercially desirable to maintain or no longer necessary for the conduct of the business of the Borrower or any of its
subsidiaries, (iv) dispositions of cash or cash equivalents, in each case, in a manner not prohibited by the other terms of this Agreement,
(v) sales, transfers and other dispositions of accounts receivable (or notes accepted to evidence same) in connection with the compromise,
settlement or collection thereof in the ordinary course of business, (vi) the lease, assignment, license or sub-license or sub-lease
of any real or personal property in the ordinary course of business to the extent the same does not materially interfere with the business
of the Borrower, (vii) the license or sublicense of intellectual property, (viii) the granting of Permitted Liens, (ix) any involuntary
loss, damage or destruction of property; and (x) any involuntary condemnation, seizure or taking, by exercise of the power of eminent
domain or otherwise, or confiscation or requisition of use of property.

 

Article
V 

EVENTS
OF DEFAULT

 

Section
5.01. 

Events of Default.

 

If
any of the following events (“

Events of Default

”) shall occur and be continuing:

 

(a) The
Borrower shall fail to pay any principal of, or interest on, the Note when the same becomes due and payable; or

 

(b) Any
representation or warranty made by the Borrower herein or by the Borrower (or any of its officers) in connection with this Agreement
shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect when made; or

 

 

8

 

 

 

 

(c) The
Borrower shall fail to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement if such failure shall remain unremedied
for five (5) Business Days after written notice thereof shall have been given to the Borrower by the Lender; or

 

(d) The
Borrower or any of its subsidiaries shall generally not pay its debts as such debts become due, or shall admit in writing its inability
to pay its debts generally, or shall make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; or any proceeding shall be instituted by
or against the Borrower or any of its subsidiaries seeking to adjudicate it a bankrupt or insolvent, or seeking liquidation, winding
up, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, protection, relief, or composition of it or its debts under any law relating to bankruptcy,
insolvency or reorganization or relief of debtors, or seeking the entry of an order for relief or the appointment of a receiver, trustee,
custodian or other similar official for it or for any substantial part of its property and, in the case of any such proceeding instituted
against it (but not instituted by it), either such proceeding shall remain undismissed or unstayed for a period of 30 days, or any of
the actions sought in such proceeding (including, without limitation, the entry of an order for relief against, or the appointment of
a receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for, it or for any substantial part of its property) shall occur; or the Borrower
or any of its subsidiaries shall take any corporate action to authorize any of the actions set forth above in this subsection (d); then,
and in any such event, the Lender (i) may, by notice to the Borrower, declare its obligation to make the Advance to be terminated, whereupon
the same shall forthwith terminate, and (ii) may, by notice to the Borrower, declare the Note, all interest thereon and all other amounts
payable under this Agreement to be forthwith due and payable, whereupon the Note, all such interest and all such amounts shall become
and be forthwith due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest, or further notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly
waived by the Borrower; 
provided, however,
 that in the event of an actual or deemed entry of an order for relief with respect
to the Borrower or any of its subsidiaries under the Federal Bankruptcy Code, (a) the obligation of the Lender to make Advances shall
automatically be terminated and (b) the Advances, the Note, all such interest and all such amounts shall automatically become and be
due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or any notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower.

 

Article
VI 

MISCELLANEOUS

 

Section
6.01. 

Termination of Certain Payment Obligations.

 

The
Fee Letter Agreement, effective September 22, 2023, between the Borrower and the Lender (the “Letter Agreement”) provides
that the Borrower must pay to the Lender 25% of all net proceeds received in any Capital Raise, as defined in the Letter Agreement (the
“Payment Obligation”). The Payment Obligation is terminated immediately.

 

Section
6.02. 

Amendments, Etc.

 

No
amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or the Note, nor consent to any departure by the Borrower therefrom, shall in
any event be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the Lender, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective
only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given.

 

 

9

 

 

 

 

Section
6.03. 

Notices, Etc.

 

All
notices and other communications required or permitted to be given by any party to any other party pursuant to the terms of this Agreement
shall be in writing, unless otherwise specified, and shall be delivered: if to the Borrower, at its address at 4995 Murphy Canyon Road,
Suite 300, San Diego, CA 92123, Attention: David Tapolczay; and if to the Lender, at its address at 590 Madison Avenue, 28th Floor, New
York, NY 10022, Attention: Thomas J Higgins, Managing Director (thiggins@allianceg.com); or, as to each party, at such other address
as shall be designated by such party in a written notice to the other party. Each such notice or other communication shall be deemed
given (i) when delivered personally, by email or by verifiable facsimile transmission (with an original to follow) on or before 4:30
p.m., New York City time, on a Business Day or, if such day is not a Business Day, on the next succeeding Business Day, (ii) on the next
Business Day after timely delivery to a nationally-recognized overnight courier and (iii) on the Business Day actually received if deposited
in the U.S. mail (certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid).

 

Section
6.04. 

No Waiver; Remedies.

 

No
failure on the part of the Lender to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right hereunder or under the Note shall operate as a waiver
thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of
any other right. The remedies herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any remedies provided by law.

 

Section
6.05. 

Costs, Expenses and Taxes.

 

The
Borrower agrees to pay promptly after demand all reasonable and documented costs and expenses in connection with the preparation, execution,
delivery, administration, modification and amendment of this Agreement, the Note and the other documents to be delivered hereunder, including,
without limitation, plus disbursements for searches, recordings and similar expenses for counsel for the Lender with respect to the negotiation
and delivery of this Agreement and the Note, in all cases in an amount not to exceed $25,000. The Borrower further agrees to pay promptly
after demand all reasonable and documented costs and expenses, if any (including reasonable outside counsel fees and expenses), in connection
with the enforcement (whether through negotiations, legal proceedings or otherwise) of this Agreement, the Note and the other documents
to be delivered hereunder, including, without limitation, reasonable outside counsel fees and expenses in connection with the enforcement
of rights under this Section 6.05. In addition, the Borrower shall pay any and all stamp and other taxes payable or determined to be
payable in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Note and the other documents to be delivered hereunder,
and agrees to save the Lender harmless from and against any and all liabilities with respect to or resulting from any delay in paying
or omission to pay such taxes.

 

 

10

 

 

 

 

Section
6.06. 

Right of Set-off.

 

Upon
the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default the Lender is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time,
to the fullest extent permitted by law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or
final, but excluding balances held or assets in respect of payroll accounts, employee benefit accounts, trust accounts, withholding accounts
and other similar fiduciary accounts to the extent such funds are necessary to pay payroll, employee benefits and other similar payments
accrued and/or payable in the ordinary course of business) at any time held and other indebtedness at any time owing by the Lender to
or for the credit or the account of the Borrower against any and all of the obligations of the Borrower now or hereafter existing under
this Agreement and the Note, whether or not the Lender shall have made any demand under this Agreement or the Note and although such
obligations may be unmatured. The Lender agrees promptly to notify the Borrower after any such set-off and application, 
provided

that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such set-off and application. The rights of the Lender under this
Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including, without limitation, other rights of set-off) which the Lender may have.

 

Section
6.07. 

Binding Effect.

 

This
Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Borrower and the Lender and their respective successors and assigns,
except that the Borrower shall not have the right to assign its rights hereunder or any interest herein without the prior written consent
of the Lender. This Agreement and the Note may not be assigned or transferred by the Lender to any person other than (a) an affiliate
of the Lender or (b) so long as no Event of Default is then continuing, any other person (other than a natural person) in the business
of making loans and other extensions of credit with the prior written consent of the Borrower. The Lender may pledge this Agreement and
the Note and grant security interests herein and therein to any financing source of the Lender.

 

Section
6.08. 

Governing Law.

 

This
Agreement and the Note shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York.

 

[Signature
Page Follows]

 

 

11

 

 

 

 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF,
 the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized,
as of the date first above written.

 

 

 

 

 

CONDUIT
 PHARMACEUTICALS INC.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

By:

 

/s/
 James Bligh

 

 

 

 

 
Name:

 
 James Bligh

 

 

 

 

 

Title:

 
 Interim Chief Financial Officer

 

 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

A.G.P./ALLIANCE
 GLOBAL PARTNERS

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

By:

 

/s/
 Thomas J. Higgins

 

 

 

 

 
Name:

 

Thomas J. Higgins

 

 

 

 

 
Title:

 

 Managing Director