EX-10.3

4

ex10-3.htm

EX-10.3

 

 

Exhibit
10.3

 

SECURITY
AGREEMENT

 

This
SECURITY AGREEMENT, dated as of [__________], 2025 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance
with the provisions hereof, this “
Agreement
”), made by and among The Crypto Company, a Nevada corporation (the “
Grantor
”),
in favor of [__________] (the “
Secured Party
”).

 

WHEREAS
,
on the date hereof, the Secured Party has made a loan to the Grantor in an aggregate unpaid principal amount not exceeding $[__________]
(the “
Loan
”), evidenced by that certain Promissory Note of even date herewith (as amended, supplemented or otherwise
modified from time to time, the “
Loan Agreement
”) made by the Grantor and payable to the order of the Secured Party.
Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Loan Agreement;

 

WHEREAS
,
this Agreement is given by the Grantor in favor of the Secured Party to secure the payment and performance of all of the Secured Obligations;
and

 

WHEREAS
,
it is a condition to the obligations of the Lender to make the Loan under the Loan Agreement that the Grantor execute and deliver this
Agreement.

 

NOW,
THEREFORE
, in consideration of the mutual covenants, terms and conditions set forth herein, and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:

 

1.

Definitions

.

 

(a)
Unless otherwise specified herein, all references to Sections and Schedules herein are to Sections and Schedules of this Agreement.

 

(b)
Unless otherwise defined herein, terms used herein that are defined in the UCC shall have the meanings assigned to them in the UCC. However,
if a term is defined in Article 9 of the UCC differently than in another Article of the UCC, the term has the meaning specified in Article
9.

 

(c)
For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

 

“
Collateral
”
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.

 

“
Event
of Default
” has the meaning set forth in the Loan Agreement.

 

“
Proceeds
”
means “proceeds” as such term is defined in section 9-102 of the UCC and, in any event, shall include, without limitation,
all dividends or other income from the Collateral, collections thereon or distributions with respect thereto.

 

“
Secured
Obligations
” has the meaning set forth in Section 3.

 

“
UCC
”
means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in the State of Nevada or, when the laws of any other state govern the
method or manner of the perfection or enforcement of any security interest in any of the Collateral, the Uniform Commercial Code as in
effect from time to time in such state.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

2.

Grant of Security Interest

. The Grantor hereby
pledges and grants to the Secured Party, and hereby creates a continuing subordinated (in all respects subordinated to the security interests
of Three Mile Creek and AJB Capital Investments LLC, originally issued in the amount of 1.7 Bitcoin and $93,386, respectively) lien and
security interest in favor of the Secured Party in and to all of its right, title and interest in and to the following, wherever located,
whether now existing or hereafter from time to time arising or acquired (collectively, the “
Collateral
”):

 

(a)
all fixtures and personal property of every kind and nature including all accounts (including health-care-insurance receivables), goods
(including inventory and equipment), documents (including, if applicable, electronic documents), instruments, promissory notes, chattel
paper (whether tangible or electronic), letters of credit, letter-of-credit rights (whether or not the letter of credit is evidenced
by a writing), securities and all other investment property, general intangibles (including all payment intangibles), money, deposit
accounts, and any other contract rights or rights to the payment of money; and

 

(b)
all Proceeds and products of each of the foregoing, all books and records relating to the foregoing, all supporting obligations related
thereto, and all accessions to, substitutions and replacements for, and rents, profits and products of, each of the foregoing, and any
and all Proceeds of any insurance, indemnity, warranty or guaranty payable to the Grantor from time to time with respect to any of the
foregoing.

 

3.

Secured Obligations

. The Collateral secures the
due and prompt payment and performance of:

 

(a)
the obligations of the Grantor from time to time arising under the Loan Agreement, this Agreement or otherwise with respect to the due
and prompt payment of (i) the principal of and premium, if any, and interest on the Loan (including interest accruing during the pendency
of any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or other similar proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in such proceeding),
when and as due, whether at maturity, by acceleration, upon one or more dates set for prepayment or otherwise and (ii) all other monetary
obligations, including fees, costs, attorneys’ fees and disbursements, reimbursement obligations, contract causes of action, expenses
and indemnities, whether primary, secondary, direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter
arising, fixed or otherwise (including monetary obligations incurred during the pendency of any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership
or other similar proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in such proceeding), of the Grantor under or in respect of the
Loan Agreement and this Agreement; and

 

(b)
all other covenants, duties, debts, obligations and liabilities of any kind of the Grantor under or in respect of the Loan Agreement,
this Agreement or any other document made, delivered or given in connection with any of the foregoing, in each case whether evidenced
by a note or other writing, whether allowed in any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or other similar proceeding, whether arising
from an extension of credit, issuance of a letter of credit, acceptance, loan, guaranty, indemnification or otherwise, and whether primary,
secondary, direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising, fixed or otherwise (all
such obligations, covenants, duties, debts, liabilities, sums and expenses set forth in Section 3 being herein collectively called the
“
Secured Obligations
”).

 

 

2

 

 

 

 

4.

Perfection of Security Interest and Further Assurances

.

 

(a)
The Grantor shall, from time to time, as may be required by the Secured Party with respect to all Collateral, take all actions as may
be requested by the Secured Party to perfect the security interest of the Secured Party in the Collateral, including, without limitation,
with respect to all Collateral over which control may be obtained within the meaning of sections 8-106, 9-104, 9-105, 9-106 and 9-107
of the UCC, section 201 of the federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act and, as the case may be, section 16
of the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, as applicable, the Grantor shall take all actions as may be requested from time to time by
the Secured Party so that control of such Collateral is obtained and at all times held by the Secured Party. All of the foregoing shall
be at the sole cost and expense of the Grantor.

 

(b)
The Grantor hereby irrevocably authorizes the Secured Party at any time and from time to time to file in any relevant jurisdiction any
financing statements and amendments thereto that contain the information required by Article 9 of the UCC of each applicable jurisdiction
for the filing of any financing statement or amendment relating to the Collateral, including any financing or continuation statements
or other documents for the purpose of perfecting, confirming, continuing, enforcing or protecting the security interest granted by the
Grantor hereunder, without the signature of the Grantor where permitted by law, including the filing of a financing statement describing
the Collateral as all assets now owned or hereafter acquired by the Grantor, or words of similar effect. The Grantor agrees to provide
all information required by the Secured Party pursuant to this Section promptly to the Secured Party upon request.

 

(c)
If the Grantor shall at any time hold or acquire any certificated securities, promissory notes, tangible chattel paper, negotiable documents
or warehouse receipts relating to the Collateral, the Grantor shall endorse, assign and deliver the same to the Secured Party, accompanied
by such instruments of transfer or assignment duly executed in blank as the Secured Party may from time to time specify.

 

(d)
The Grantor agrees that at any time and from time to time, at the expense of the Grantor, the Grantor will promptly execute and deliver
all further instruments and documents, obtain such agreements from third parties, and take all further action, that may be necessary
or desirable, or that the Secured Party may reasonably request, in order to create and/or maintain the validity, perfection or priority
of and protect any security interest granted or purported to be granted hereby or to enable the Secured Party to exercise and enforce
its rights and remedies hereunder or under any other agreement with respect to any Collateral.

 

 

3

 

 

 

 

5.

Representations and Warranties

. The Grantor represents
and warrants as follows:

 

(a)
The Collateral consisting of securities have been duly authorized and validly issued, and are fully paid and non-assessable and subject
to no options to purchase or similar rights. None of the Collateral constitutes, or is the proceeds of, (i) farm products, (ii) as-extracted
collateral, (iii) manufactured homes, (iv) health-care-insurance receivables, (v) timber to be cut, (vi) aircraft, aircraft engines,
satellites, ships or railroad rolling stock. None of the account debtors or other persons obligated on any of the Collateral is a governmental
authority covered by the Federal Assignment of Claims Act or like federal, state or local statute or rule in respect of such Collateral.

 

(b)
At the time the Collateral becomes subject to the lien and security interest created by this Agreement, the Grantor will be the sole,
direct, legal and beneficial owner thereof, free and clear of any lien, security interest, encumbrance, claim, option or right of others
except for the security interest created by this Agreement and other liens permitted by the Loan Agreement.

 

(c)
The pledge of the Collateral pursuant to this Agreement creates a valid and perfected subordinated security interest (in all respects
subordinated to the security interests of Three Mile Creek and AJB Capital Investments LLC, originally issued in the amount of 1.7 Bitcoin
and $93,386, respectively) in the Collateral, securing the payment and performance when due of the Secured Obligations.

 

(d)
It has full power, authority and legal right to borrow the Loan and pledge the Collateral pursuant to this Agreement.

 

(e)
Each of this Agreement and the Loan Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Grantor and constitutes a legal,
valid and binding obligation of the Grantor enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
moratorium or other similar laws affecting creditors’ rights generally and subject to equitable principles (regardless of whether
enforcement is sought in equity or at law).

 

(f)
No authorization, approval, or other action by, and no notice to or filing with, any governmental authority or regulatory body is required
for the borrowing of the Loan and the pledge by the Grantor of the Collateral pursuant to this Agreement or for the execution and delivery
of the Loan Agreement and this Agreement by the Grantor or the performance by the Grantor of its obligations thereunder.

 

(g)
The execution and delivery of the Loan Agreement and this Agreement by the Grantor and the performance by the Grantor of its obligations
thereunder, will not violate any provision of any applicable law or regulation or any order, judgment, writ, award or decree of any court,
arbitrator or governmental authority, domestic or foreign, applicable to the Grantor or any of its property, or the organizational or
governing documents of the Grantor or any agreement or instrument to which the Grantor is party or by which it or its property is bound.

 

(h)
The Grantor has taken all action required on its part for control (as defined in sections 8-106, 9-104, 9-105, 9-106 and 9-107 of the
UCC, section 201 of the federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act and, as the case may be, section 16 of the
Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, as applicable) to have been obtained by the Secured Party over all Collateral with respect to which
such control may be obtained pursuant to the UCC. No person other than the Secured Party has control or possession of all or any part
of the Collateral.

 

 

4

 

 

 

 

6.

Voting, Distributions and Receivables

.

 

(a)
The Secured Party agrees that unless an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Grantor may, to the extent the Grantor
has such right as a holder of the Collateral consisting of securities, other Equity Interests or indebtedness owed by any obligor, vote
and give consents, ratifications and waivers with respect thereto, except to the extent that, any such vote, consent, ratification or
waiver would detract from the value thereof as Collateral or which would be inconsistent with or result in any violation of any provision
of the Loan Agreement or this Agreement, and from time to time, upon request from the Grantor, the Secured Party shall deliver to the
Grantor suitable proxies so that the Grantor may cast such votes, consents, ratifications and waivers.

 

(b)
The Secured Party agrees that the Grantor may, unless an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, receive and retain all
dividends and other distributions with respect to the Collateral consisting of securities, other Equity Interests or indebtedness owed
by any obligor.

 

(c)

If any Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Secured Party may, or at the request and option of the Secured
Party the Grantor shall, notify account debtors and other persons obligated on any of the Collateral of the security interest of the
Secured Party in any account, chattel paper, general intangible, instrument or other Collateral and that payment thereof is to be made
directly to the Secured Party.

 

7.

Covenants

. The Grantor covenants as follows:

 

(a)
The Grantor will not, without providing at least 30 days’ prior written notice to the Secured Party, change its legal name, identity,
type of organization, jurisdiction of organization, corporate structure, location of its chief executive office or its principal place
of business or its organizational identification number. The Grantor will, prior to any change described in the preceding sentence, take
all actions reasonably requested by the Secured Party to maintain the perfection and priority of the Secured Party’s security interest
in the Collateral.

 

(b)
The Collateral, to the extent not delivered to the Secured Party pursuant to Section 4, will be kept at the Grantor’s principal
place of business and the Grantor will not remove the Collateral from such locations without providing at least 30 days’ prior
written notice to the Secured Party. The Grantor will, prior to any change described in the preceding sentence, take all actions reasonably
required by the Secured Party to maintain the perfection and priority of the Secured Party’s security interest in the Collateral.

 

(c)
The Grantor shall, at its own cost and expense, defend title to the Collateral and the lien and security interest of the Secured Party
therein against the claim of any person claiming against or through the Grantor and shall maintain and preserve such perfected security
interest for so long as this Agreement shall remain in effect.

 

 

5

 

 

 

 

(d)
The Grantor will not sell, offer to sell, dispose of, convey, assign or otherwise transfer, grant any option with respect to, restrict,
or grant, create, permit or suffer to exist any mortgage, pledge, lien, security interest, option, right of first offer, encumbrance
or other restriction or limitation of any nature whatsoever on, any of the Collateral or any interest therein except as expressly provided
for in the Loan Agreement/herein or with the prior written consent of the Secured Party.

 

(e)
The Grantor will keep the Collateral in good order and repair and will not use the same in violation of law or any policy of insurance
thereon. The Grantor will permit the Secured Party, or its designee, to inspect the Collateral at any reasonable time, wherever located.

 

(f)
The Grantor will pay promptly when due all taxes, assessments, governmental charges, and levies upon the Collateral or incurred in connection
with the use or operation of the Collateral or incurred in connection with this Agreement.

 

8.

Secured Party Appointed Attorney-in-Fact

. The
Grantor hereby appoints the Secured Party the Grantor’s attorney-in-fact, with full authority in the place and stead of the Grantor
and in the name of the Grantor or otherwise, from time to time during the continuance of an Event of Default in the Secured Party’s
discretion to take any action and to execute any instrument which the Secured Party may deem necessary or advisable to accomplish the
purposes of this Agreement (but the Secured Party shall not be obligated to and shall have no liability to the Grantor or any third party
for failure to do so or take action). This appointment, being coupled with an interest, shall be irrevocable. The Grantor hereby ratifies
all that said attorneys shall lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

 

9.

Secured Party May Perform

. If the Grantor fails
to perform any obligation contained in this Agreement, the Secured Party may itself perform, or cause performance of, such obligation,
and the expenses of the Secured Party incurred in connection therewith shall be payable by the Grantor; provided that the Secured Party
shall not be required to perform or discharge any obligation of the Grantor.

 

10.

Reasonable Care

. The Secured Party shall have
no duty with respect to the care and preservation of the Collateral beyond the exercise of reasonable care. The Secured Party shall be
deemed to have exercised reasonable care in the custody and preservation of the Collateral in its possession if the Collateral is accorded
treatment substantially equal to that which the Secured Party accords its own property, it being understood that the Secured Party shall
not have any responsibility for (a) ascertaining or taking action with respect to any claims, the nature or sufficiency of any payment
or performance by any party under or pursuant to any agreement relating to the Collateral or other matters relative to any Collateral,
whether or not the Secured Party has or is deemed to have knowledge of such matters, or (b) taking any necessary steps to preserve rights
against any parties with respect to any Collateral. Nothing set forth in this Agreement, nor the exercise by the Secured Party of any
of the rights and remedies hereunder, shall relieve the Grantor from the performance of any obligation on the Grantor’s part to
be performed or observed in respect of any of the Collateral.

 

 

6

 

 

 

 

11.

Remedies Upon Default

.

 

(a)
If any Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Secured Party, without any other notice to or demand upon the Grantor,
may assert all rights and remedies of a secured party under the UCC or other applicable law, including, without limitation, the right
to take possession of, hold, collect, sell, lease, deliver, grant options to purchase or otherwise retain, liquidate or dispose of all
or any portion of the Collateral. If notice prior to disposition of the Collateral or any portion thereof is necessary under applicable
law, written notice mailed to the Grantor at its notice address as provided in Section 15 hereof ten (10) days prior to the date of such
disposition shall constitute reasonable notice, but notice given in any other reasonable manner shall be sufficient. So long as the sale
of the Collateral is made in a commercially reasonable manner, the Secured Party may sell such Collateral on such terms and to such purchaser(s)
as the Secured Party in its absolute discretion may choose, without assuming any credit risk and without any obligation to advertise
or give notice of any kind other than that necessary under applicable law. Without precluding any other methods of sale, the sale of
the Collateral or any portion thereof shall have been made in a commercially reasonable manner if conducted in conformity with reasonable
commercial practices of creditors disposing of similar property. At any sale of the Collateral, if permitted by applicable law, the Secured
Party may be the purchaser, licensee, assignee or recipient of the Collateral or any part thereof and shall be entitled, for the purpose
of bidding and making settlement or payment of the purchase price for all or any portion of the Collateral sold, assigned or licensed
at such sale, to use and apply any of the Secured Obligations as a credit on account of the purchase price of the Collateral or any part
thereof payable at such sale. To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Grantor waives all claims, damages and demands it may acquire
against the Secured Party arising out of the exercise by it of any rights hereunder. The Grantor hereby waives and releases to the fullest
extent permitted by law any right or equity of redemption with respect to the Collateral, whether before or after sale hereunder, and
all rights, if any, of marshalling the Collateral and any other security for the Secured Obligations or otherwise. At any such sale,
unless prohibited by applicable law, the Secured Party or any custodian may bid for and purchase all or any part of the Collateral so
sold free from any such right or equity of redemption. Neither the Secured Party nor any custodian shall be liable for failure to collect
or realize upon any or all of the Collateral or for any delay in so doing, nor shall it be under any obligation to take any action whatsoever
with regard thereto. The Grantor agrees that it would not be commercially unreasonable for the Secured Party to dispose of the Collateral
or any portion thereof by utilizing internet sites that provide for the auction of assets of the type included in the Collateral or that
have the reasonable capability of doing so, or that match buyers and sellers of assets. The Secured Party shall not be obligated to clean-up
or otherwise prepare the Collateral for sale.

 

(b)
If any Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, all rights of the Grantor to (i) exercise the voting and other consensual
rights it would otherwise be entitled to exercise pursuant to Section 6(a) and (ii) receive the dividends and other distributions which
it would otherwise be entitled to receive and retain pursuant to Section 6(b), shall immediately cease, and all such rights shall thereupon
become vested in the Secured Party, which shall have the sole right to exercise such voting and other consensual rights and receive and
hold such dividends and other distributions as Collateral.

 

 

7

 

 

 

 

(c)
If any Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, any cash held by the Secured Party as Collateral and all cash Proceeds
received by the Secured Party in respect of any sale of, collection from, or other realization upon all or any part of the Collateral
shall be applied in whole or in part by the Secured Party to the payment of expenses incurred by the Secured Party in connection with
the foregoing or incidental to the care or safekeeping of any of the Collateral or in any way relating to the Collateral or the rights
of the Secured Party hereunder, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, and the balance of such proceeds shall be applied or set
off against all or any part of the Secured Obligations in such order as the Secured Party shall elect. Any surplus of such cash or cash
Proceeds held by the Secured Party and remaining after payment in full of all the Secured Obligations shall be paid over to the Grantor
or to whomsoever may be lawfully entitled to receive such surplus. The Grantor shall remain liable for any deficiency if such cash and
the cash Proceeds of any sale or other realization of the Collateral are insufficient to pay the Secured Obligations and the fees and
other charges of any attorneys employed by the Secured Party to collect such deficiency.

 

(d)
If the Secured Party shall determine to exercise its rights to sell all or any of the Collateral pursuant to this Section, the Grantor
agrees that, upon request of the Secured Party, the Grantor will, at its own expense, do or cause to be done all such acts and things
as may be necessary to make such sale of the Collateral or any part thereof valid and binding and in compliance with applicable law.

 

12.

No Waiver and Cumulative Remedies

. The Secured
Party shall not by any act (except by a written instrument pursuant to Section 14), delay, indulgence, omission or otherwise be deemed
to have waived any right or remedy hereunder or to have acquiesced in any Default or Event of Default. All rights and remedies herein
provided are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by law.

 

13.

SECURITY INTEREST ABSOLUTE

. The Grantor hereby waives demand,
notice, protest, notice of acceptance of this Agreement, notice of Loan made, credit extended, Collateral received or delivered or other
action taken in reliance hereon and all other demands and notices of any description. All rights of the Secured Party and liens and security
interests hereunder, and all Secured Obligations of the Grantor hereunder, shall be absolute and unconditional irrespective of:

 

(a)
any illegality or lack of validity or enforceability of any Secured Obligation or any related agreement or instrument;

 

(b)
any change in the time, place or manner of payment of, or in any other term of, the Secured Obligations, or any rescission, waiver, amendment
or other modification of the Loan Agreement, this Agreement or any other agreement, including any increase in the Secured Obligations
resulting from any extension of additional credit or otherwise;

 

(c)
any taking, exchange, substitution, release, impairment or non-perfection of any Collateral or any other collateral, or any taking, release,
impairment, amendment, waiver or other modification of any guaranty, for all or any of the Secured Obligations;

 

(d)
any manner of sale, disposition or application of proceeds of any Collateral or any other collateral or other assets to all or part of
the Secured Obligations;

 

 

8

 

 

 

 

(e)
any default, failure or delay, wilful or otherwise, in the performance of the Secured Obligations;

 

(f)
any defense, set-off or counterclaim (other than a defense of payment or performance) that may at any time be available to, or be asserted
by, the Grantor against the Secured Party; or

 

(g)
any other circumstance (including, without limitation, any statute of limitations) or manner of administering the Loan or any existence
of or reliance on any representation by the Secured Party that might vary the risk of the Grantor or otherwise operate as a defense available
to, or a legal or equitable discharge of, the Grantor or any other grantor, guarantor or surety.

 

14.
Amendments

. None of the terms or provisions of this
Agreement may be amended, modified, supplemented, terminated or waived, and no consent to any departure by the Grantor therefrom shall
be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the Secured Party and the Grantor, and then such amendment, modification,
supplement, waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which made or given.

 

15.
Addresses For Notices

. All notices and other communications
provided for in this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be given in the manner and become effective as set forth in the Loan Agreement,
and addressed to the respective parties at their addresses as specified on the signature pages hereof or as to either party at such other
address as shall be designated by such party in a written notice to each other party.

 

16.
Continuing Security Interest; Further Actions

. This
Agreement shall create a continuing subordinated lien and security interest (in all respects subordinated to the security interests of
Three Mile Creek and AJB Capital Investments LLC, originally issued in the amount of 1.7 Bitcoin and $93,386, respectively) in the Collateral
and shall (a) subject to Section 17, remain in full force and effect until payment and performance in full of the Secured Obligations,
(b) be binding upon the Grantor, its successors and assigns, and (c) inure to the benefit of the Secured Party and its successors, transferees
and assigns; provided that the Grantor may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement without
the prior written consent of the Secured Party. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing clause (c), any assignee of the Secured
Party’s interest in any agreement or document which includes all or any of the Secured Obligations shall, upon assignment, become
vested with all the benefits granted to the Secured Party herein with respect to such Secured Obligations.

 

17.
Termination; Release

. On the date on which all Secured
Obligations have been paid and performed in full, the Secured Party will, at the request and sole expense of the Grantor, (a) duly assign,
transfer and deliver to or at the direction of the Grantor (without recourse and without any representation or warranty) such of the
Collateral as may then remain in the possession of the Secured Party, together with any monies at the time held by the Secured Party
hereunder, and (b) execute and deliver to the Grantor a proper instrument or instruments acknowledging the satisfaction and termination
of this Agreement.

 

18.
GOVERNING LAW

. This Agreement and the Loan Agreement
and any claim, controversy, dispute or cause of action (whether in contract or tort or otherwise) based upon, arising out of or relating
to this Agreement or the Loan Agreement (except, as to the Loan Agreement, as expressly set forth therein) and the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Nevada. The other provisions of Sections
10.2, 10.3, 10.4 And 10.5 of the Loan Agreement are incorporated herein, mutatis mutandis, as if a part hereof.

 

19.
Counterparts

. This Agreement and any amendments,
waivers, consents or supplements hereto may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto in different counterparts),
each of which shall constitute an original, but all taken together shall constitute a single contract. Delivery of an executed counterpart
of a signature page to this Agreement by facsimile or in electronic (i.e., “pdf” or “tif”) format shall be effective
as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. This Agreement and the Loan Agreement constitute the entire contract
among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written,
with respect thereto.

 

[signature
page follows]

 

 

9

 

 

 

 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written.

 

 

 

 

The Crypto Company, as Grantor

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

By

 

/s/ Ron Levy

 

 

 

Name:

 

Ronald Levy

 

 

 

Title:

 

Chief Executive Officer

 

 

 

Address for Notices:

 

 

 

23823 Malibu Road, #50477

 

 

 

Malibu, CA 90265

 

 

 

 

[__________],

 as Secured Party

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

By

 

             

 

 

 

Name:

 
 

 

 

 

Title:

 

 

 

 

 

Address for Notices:

 

 

10