EX-10.1

3

ex10-1.htm

 

 

Exhibit
10.1

 

 

 

M&T
 Bank

 

 

 

AMENDED
AND RESTATED REVOLVING LINE NOTE

New
Jersey

 

 

 

October
 26, 2022

 

$
 5,500,000.00

 

 

BORROWER:
MAMAMANCINI’S HOLDINGS, INC., 
a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Nevada, having an address at 355 Murray
Hill Parkway, Suite 102, East Rutherford, New Jersey, 07073, and 
T&L ACQUISITION CORP,
 a corporation organized under the laws
of the State of Nevada, having an address at 355 Murray Hill Parkway, Suite 102, East Rutherford, New Jersey, 07073.

 

 

BANK:

 

M&T BANK, a New York banking corporation with its
 banking offices at One M&T Plaza, Buffalo, New York 14203, Attention: Office of the General Counsel

 

Promise
to Pay
. For value received, and intending to be legally bound, Borrower promises to pay to the order of the Bank, the principal sum
of Five Million Five Hundred Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($5,500,000.00) (the “Maximum Principal Amount”) or the outstanding
principal amount of this Note (the “Outstanding Principal Amount”), if less; plus interest as agreed below and all fees and
costs (including without limitation attorneys’ fees and disbursements, whether for internal or outside counsel) the Bank incurs
in order to administer, service or modify the credit facility evidenced by this Note, to collect any amount due under this Note, to negotiate
or document a workout or restructuring, or to preserve its rights or realize upon any guaranty or other security for the payment of this
Note (“Expenses”).

 

Reference
is hereby made to that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of the date hereof, as amended from time to time (the “Credit
Agreement”), between Borrower and the Bank for additional terms and conditions applicable to this Note.

 

Authorized
Representatives.
 This Note is issued by Borrower to the Bank in connection with a certain line of credit or loan limit made available
by the Bank to Borrower (the “Credit”). The Bank may make any loan or advance pursuant to the Credit (collectively, “Loan(s)”)
in reliance upon any oral, telephonic, written, teletransmitted or other request (the “Request(s)”) that e Bank in good faith
believes to be valid and to have been made by Borrower or on behalf of Borrower by 
Steven R. Burns, EVP
 (include name(s) and title(s),
as appropriate) or any other officer, employee or representative of Borrower who is authorize or designated as a signer of loan documents
under the provisions of Borrower’s most recent resolutions or similar documents on file with the Bank (each an “Authorized
Person”). Notwithstanding that individual names may have been provided to the Bank, the Bank shall be permitted at any time to
rely solely on an individual’s title to ascertain whether that individual is an Authorized Person. The Bank may act on the Request
of any Authorized Person until the Bank shall have received from Borrower, and had a reasonable time to act on, written notice revoking
the authority of such Authorized Person. Borrower acknowledges that the transmission between Borrower and Bank of any Request or other
instructions with respect to the Credit involves the possibility of errors, omissions, misinterpretations, fraud and mistakes, and agrees
to adopt such internal measures and operational procedures as may be necessary to prevent such occurrences. By reason thereof, Borrower
hereby assumes all risk of loss and responsibility for, and releases and discharges the Bank from any and all responsibility or liability
for, and agrees to indemnify, reimburse on demand and hold Bank harmless from, any and all claims, actions, damages, losses, liability
and expenses by reason of, arising out of, or in any way connected with or related to: (i) Bank’s accepting, relying on and acting
upon any Request or other instructions with respect to the Credit; or (ii) any such error, omission, misinterpretation, fraud or mistake,
provided such error, omission, misinterpretation, fraud or mistake is not directly caused by the Bank’s gross negligence or willful
misconduct. The Bank shall incur no liability to Borrower or to any other person as a direct or indirect result of making any Loan pursuant
to this paragraph.

 

Requests
for Advances.
 Any Request for a Loan hereunder shall be limited in amount, such that the sum of (i) the principal amount of such
Request; (ii) the Outstanding Principal Amount under this Note; and (iii) the aggregate face amounts of (or, if greater, Borrower’s
aggregate reimbursement obligations to the Bank (or any of its affiliates) in connection with) any letters of credit issued by the Bank
(or any of its affiliates) at the request (or for the benefit) of Borrower, pursuant to this Credit, which aggregate letter of credit
face amounts shall not at any time exceed Three Hundred Fifty Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($350,000.00); does not exceed the Maximum
Principal Amount under this Note. Notwithstanding the above, the Bank shall have the sole and absolute discretion whether to make any
Loan (or any portion of any Loan) requested by Borrower, regardless of any general availability under the Maximum Principal Amount.

 

Revolving
Credit.
 This Note evidences a revolving Credit. Subject to all applicable provisions in this Note and in any and all other agreements
between Borrower and the Bank related hereto, Borrower may borrow, pay, prepay and reborrow hereunder at any time prior to the Maturity
Date. Notwithstanding that, from time to time, there may be no amounts outstanding respecting this Note, this Note shall continue in
full force and effect until the later of(x) the date that all obligations and liabilities evidenced by this Note are paid in full and
the Credit evidenced by this Note has been terminated by the Bank, or(y) the Maturity Date.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Interest.

The Outstanding Principal Amount of this Note, as may fluctuate from time to time based on the disbursement of Loans and any repayments,
shall earn interest calculated on the basis of a 360-day year for the actual number of days of each year 
(365
 or 366), from and
including the date the proceeds of any Loans are disbursed to, but not including, the date all amounts hereunder are paid in full, at
a rate per year which shall be:

 

the
rate per annum based on the Senior Funded Debt/EBITDA Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement) established with respect to the Borrower
as of the date of any advance under the Loan as follows: if the Senior Funded Debt/EBITDA ratio is: (i) greater than 2.25, 3.87 percentage
point(s) above the applicable Variable Loan Rate (as defined in the attached Variable Rate Rider); (ii) greater than 1.50 but less than
or equal to 2.25, 3.37 percentage points the applicable Variable Loan rate; or (iii) less than or equal to 1.50, 2.87 percentage points
above the applicable Variable Loan Rate; provided that in all events in the preceding clauses (i), (ii) and (iii), the rate established
shall not be less than the recited percentage point margin over 0.00% (the “Index Floor”). See attached Variable Rate Rider,
the terms of which are incorporated herein by reference, for definitions and additional provisions.

 

If
no rate is specified above, interest shall accrue at the Maximum Legal Rate (defined below).

 

Maxim
um Legal Rate.
 It is the intent of the Bank and of Borrower that in no event shall interest be payable at a rate in excess of the
maximum rate permitted by applicable law (the “Maximum Legal Rate”). Solely to the extent necessary to prevent interest under
this Note from exceeding the Maximum Legal Rate, Borrower agrees that any amount that would be treated as excessive under a final judicial
interpretation of applicable law shall be deemed to have been a mistake and automatically canceled, and, if received by the Bank, shall
be refunded to Borrower, without interest.

 

Repayment
of Principal and Interest.
 The Maturity Date of this Note is June 30, 2024.

 

The
Borrower shall pay the entire Outstanding Principal Amount on the Maturity Date. In addition, until all outstanding Principal is paid
in full, Borrower shall make payments of all accrued and unpaid interest in amounts that will vary on the 
first
 day of each month.

 

Payments.

Payments shall be made in immediately available United States funds at any banking office of the Bank.

 

Preauthorized
Transfers from Deposit Account.
 If a deposit account number is provided in the following blank, Borrower hereby authorizes the Bank
to debit Borrower’s deposit account #9873691605 with the Bank automatically for any amount which becomes due under this Note.

 

Interest
Accrual; Application of Payments.
 Interest will continue to accrue on the Outstanding Principal Amount until the Outstanding Principal
Amount is paid in full. In connection with any daily adjusting interest rate, payment invoices may reflect estimated interest accruals
for a portion of each billing period (to facilitate timely distribution of invoices in advance of each payment date), followed by appropriate
interest accrual adjustments reflected in the invoice for the succeeding billing period. All installment payments (excluding voluntary
prepayments of principal) will be applied as of the date each payment is received and processed. Payments may be applied in any order
in the sole discretion of the Bank, but, prior to demand for payment in full, may be applied chronologically (i.e., oldest invoice first)
to unpaid amounts due and owing, in the following order: first to accrued interest, then to principal, then to late charges and other
fees, and then to all other Expenses.

 

Modification
Fees.
 Concurrently with its execution hereof, Borrower shall pay to the Bank i) a Modification Fee in the sum of$13,750.00, and ii)
a Waiver Fee in the sum of$5,000.00.

 

Unused
Line Fee.
 As of the first day of each fiscal quarter of the Borrower during the term hereof, Borrower shall pay to the Bank an amount
equal to the then unused portion of the line of credit, i.e., the Maximum Principal Amount minus the Outstanding Principal Amount as
of such date, multiplied by two hundred fifty thousandths of one percent (.250%).

 

Late
Charge.
 If Borrower fails to pay, within five (5) days of its due date, any amount due and owing pursuant to this Note or any other
agreement executed and delivered to the Bank in connection with this Note, Borrower shall immediately pay to the Bank a late charge equal
to the greatest of (a) $50.00, (b) five percent (5%) of the delinquent amount, or (c) the Bank’s then current late charge as announced
by the Bank from time to time.

 

Default
Rate.
 If Borrower fails to make any payment when due under this Note, the interest rate on the Outstanding Principal Amount shall
immediately and automatically increase to five (5) percentage points above the otherwise applicable rate per year (“Default Rate”),
and any judgment entered hereon or otherwise in connection with any suit to collect amounts due hereunder shall bear interest at such
Default Rate.

 

Increased
Costs.
 If the Bank shall determine that, due to either (a) the introduction of any change in (or in the interpretation of) any requirement
of law or (b) compliance with any guideline or request from any central bank or other governmental or regulatory authority (whether or
not having the force of law), there shall be any increase in the cost to the Bank of agreeing to make or making, funding or maintaining
any loans hereunder, then Borrower shall be liable for, and shall from time to time, upon demand therefor by the Bank, pay to the Bank
such additional amounts as are sufficient to compensate the Bank for such increased costs.

 

Financial
and Other Information.
 Until the Credit evidenced by this Note has been terminated by the Bank, Borrower shall cause to be delivered
to the Bank, each in form, content and number of copies satisfactory to the Bank, the financial data and other information required under
the Credit Agreement.

 

Right
of Setoff.
 The Bank shall have the right to set off against the amounts owing under this Note any property held in a deposit or other
account with the Bank or any of its affiliates or otherwise owing by the Bank or any of its affiliates in any capacity to Borrower or
any guarantor or endorser of this Note. Such set-off shall be deemed to have been exercised immediately at the time the Bank or such
affiliate elects to do so.

 

Bank
Records Conclusive.
 The Bank shall set forth on a schedule attached to this Note or maintained on the Bank’s loan booking systems,
the date and original principal amount of each Loan and the date and amount of each payment to be applied to the Outstanding Principal
Amount of this Note. The Outstanding Principal Amount set forth on any such schedule shall be presumptive evidence of the Outstanding
Principal Amount of this Note and of all Loans. No failure by the Bank to make, and no error by the Bank in making, any annotation on
any such schedule shall affect Borrower’s obligation to pay the principal and interest of each Loan or any other obligation of
Borrower to the Bank pursuant to this Note.

 

 

2

 

 

 

 

Purpose.

Borrower certifies (a) that no Loan will be used to purchase margin stock except with the Bank’s express prior written consent
for each such purchase and (b) that all Loans shall be used for a business purpose, and not for any personal, family or household purpose.

 

Authorization.

Borrower, if a corporation, partnership, limited liability company, trust or other entity, represents that it is duly organized and
in good standing or duly constituted in the state of its organization and is duly authorized to do business in all jurisdictions material
to the conduct of its business; that the execution, delivery and performance of this Note have been duly authorized by all necessary
regulatory and corporate or partnership action or by its governing instrument; that this Note has been duly executed by an authorized
officer, member, partner or trustee and constitutes a binding obligation enforceable against Borrower and not in violation of any law,
court order or agreement by which Borrower is bound; and that Borrower’s performance is not threatened by any pending or threatened
litigation.

 

USA
PATRIOT Act Notice.
 Bank hereby notifies Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act (“Patriot Act”),
it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies Borrower, which information includes the name and address of
Borrower and other information that will allow Bank to identify Borrower in accordance with the Patriot Act. Borrower agrees to, promptly
following a request by Bank, provide all such other documentation and information that Bank requests in order to comply with its ongoing
obligations under applicable “know your customer” and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot
Act.

 

Miscellaneous.

This Note, together with any related loan and security agreements, contains the entire agreement between the Bank and Borrower with
respect to each Loan, and supersedes every course of dealing, other conduct, oral agreement and representation previously made by the
Bank. All rights and remedies of the Bank under applicable law and this Note are cumulative and not exclusive. No single, partial or
delayed exercise by the Bank of any right or remedy shall preclude the subsequent exercise by the Bank at any time of any right or remedy
of the Bank without notice. No waiver or amendment of any provision of this Note shall be effective unless made specifically in writing
by the Bank. No course of dealing or other conduct, no oral agreement or representation made by the Bank, and no usage of trade, shall
operate as a waiver of any right or remedy of the Bank. No waiver of any right or remedy of the Bank shall be effective unless made specifically
in writing by the Bank. Borrower agrees that in any legal proceeding, a copy of this Note kept in the Bank’s course of business
may be admitted into evidence as an original. This Note is a binding obligation enforceable against Borrower and its successors and assigns
and shall inure to the benefit of the Bank and its successors and assigns. If a court deems any provision of this Note invalid, the remainder
of the Note shall remain in effect. Section headings are for convenience only. Singular number includes plural and neuter gender includes
masculine and feminine as appropriate.

 

Notices.

Any demand or notice hereunder or under any applicable law pertaining hereto shall be in writing and duly given if delivered to Borrower
(at its address on the Bank’s records) or to the Bank (at the address on page one and separately to the Bank officer responsible
for Borrower’s relationship with the Bank). Such notice or demand shall be deemed sufficiently given for all purposes when delivered
(i) by personal delivery and shall be deemed effective when delivered, or (ii) by mail or courier and shall be deemed effective three
(3) business days after deposit in an official depository maintained by the United States Post Office for the collection of mail or one

(1) 
business day after delivery to a nationally recognized overnight courier service (e.g., Federal Express). Notice by e-mail
is not valid notice under this or any other agreement between Borrower and the Bank.

 

Joint
and Several.
 If there is more than one Borrower, each of them shall be jointly and severally liable for all amounts which become
due under this Note and the term “Borrower” shall include each as well as all of them.

 

Governing
Law; Jurisdiction.
 This Note has been delivered to and accepted by the Bank and will be deemed to be made in the State of New Jersey.
Except as otherwise provided under federal law, this Note will be interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of New Jersey
excluding its conflict of laws rules. 
BORROWER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF ANY STATE OR FEDERAL COURT
IN THE STATE OF NEW JERSEY IN A COUNTY OR JUDICIAL DISTRICT WHERE THE BANK MAINTAINS A BRANCH AND CONSENTS THAT THE BANK MAY EFFECT ANY
SERVICE OF PROCESS IN THE MANNER AND AT BORROWER’S ADDRESS SET FORTH ABOVE FOR PROVIDING NOTICE OR DEMAND; PROVIDED THAT NOTHING
CONTAINED IN THIS NOTE WILL PREVENT THE BANK FROM BRINGING ANY ACTION, ENFORCING ANY AWARD OR JUDGMENT OR EXERCISING ANY RIGHTS AGAINST
BORROWER INDIVIDUALLY, AGAINST ANY SECURITY OR AGAINST ANY PROPERTY OF BORROWER WITHIN ANY OTHER COUNTY, STATE OR OTHER FOREIGN OR DOMESTIC
JURISDICTION. 
Borrower acknowledges and agrees that the venue provided above is the most convenient forum for both the Bank and Borrower.
Borrower waives any objection to venue and any objection based on a more convenient forum in any action instituted under this Note.

 

Waiver
of Jury Trial. BORROWER AND THE BANK HEREBY KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY, AND INTENTIONALLY WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY BORROWER AND THE
BANK MAY HAVE IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING, IN LAW OR IN EQUITY, IN CONNECTION WITH THIS NOTE OR THE TRANSACTIONS RELATED HERETO. BORROWER
REPRESENTS AND WARRANTS THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE OR AGENT OF THE BANK HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT THE BANK WILL NOT,
IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THIS JURY TRIAL WAIVER. BORROWER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE BANK HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO
THIS NOTE BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE PROVISIONS OF THIS SECTION.

 

Amended
and Restated Note.
 Borrower acknowledges, agrees and understands that this Note is given in replacement of and in substitution for,
but not in payment of, a prior note dated on or about January 27, 2020 in the original maximum principal amount of$4,000,000.00, given
by Borrower in favor of the Bank (or its predecessor-in-interest), as the same may have been amended or modified from time to time (“Prior
Note”), and further, that: (a) the obligations of Borrower as evidenced by the Prior Note shall continue in full force and effect,
as amended and restated by this Note, all of such obligations being hereby ratified and confirmed by Borrower; (b) any and all liens,
pledges, assignments and security interests securing Borrower’s obligations under the Prior Note shall continue in full force and
effect, are hereby ratified and confirmed by Borrower, and are hereby acknowledged by Borrower to secure, among other things, all of
Borrower’s obligations to the Bank under this Note, with the same priority, operation and effect as that relating to the obligations
under the Prior Note; and (c) nothing herein contained shall be construed to extinguish, release, or discharge, or constitute, create,
or effect a novation of, or an agreement to extinguish, the obligations of Borrower with respect to the indebtedness originally described
in the Prior Note or any of the liens, pledges, assignments and security interests securing such obligations.

 

 

3

 

 

 

 

Acknowledgment.

Borrower acknowledges that it has read and understands all the provisions of this Note, including the 
Governing Law, Jurisdiction
and Waiver of Jury Trial, 
and has been advised by counsel as necessary or appropriate.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 MAMAMANCINI’s HOLDINGS, INC.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

BY:

 

/s/
 Steven Burns

 

 

Signature
 of Witness

 

 

 

Name:

 

Steven
 Burns

 

 

 

 

 

 

Title:

 

Executive
 Vice President

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Typed
 Name of Witness

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 T&L ACQUISITION CORP.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

BY:
 Mamamancini’s Holdings, Inc.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

By:

 

/s/
 Steven Burns

 

 

Signature
 of Witness

 

 

 

Name:

 

Steven
 Burns

 

 

 

 

 

 

Title:

 

Executive
 Vice President

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Typed
 Name of Witness

 

 

 

 

 

4

 

 

 

 

ACKNOWLEDGMENT

 

STATE
OF __________________ )

:SS.

COUNTY
OF ________________ )

 

On
the ________ day of ___________ in the year 2022, before me, the undersigned, a Notary Public in and for said State, personally
appeared __________________________ personally known to me or proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the
individual(s) whose name(s) is (are) subscribed to the within instrument and acknowledged to me that he/she/they executed the same
in his/her/their capacity(ies), and that by hls/her/their signature(s) on the instrument, the individual(s), or the person upon
behalf of which the individual(s) acted, executed the instrument.

 

 

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

Notary
 Public

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

FOR BANK USE 
ONLY

 

 

Authorization 
Confirmed:
 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 

 

 

Credit
 
NC

 

#

 

 

 

Off
 Ck

 

#

 

 

 

Payoff
 Obligation

 

#

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

$

 

 

 

 

 

$

 

 

 

Note]

 

 

 

 

[Signature
Page to Amended and Restated Revolving Line] 

 

 

5

 

 

 

 

 

 

M&T
 Bank

 

 

 

VARIABLE
RATE RIDER

(1-Month
Term SOFR, Adjusting Daily)

 

Borrower:

MAMAMANCINl’S HOLDINGS, INC., 
a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Nevada, and 
T&L ACQUISITION
CORP, 
a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Nevada, each having an address at 355 Murray Hill Parkway, Suite 102,
East Rutherford, New Jersey, 07073.

 

Promissory
Note Original/Maximum Principal Amount:

 

$5,500,000.00.
Promissory Note Date: October 26, 2022

 

DEFINITIONS.

The above-referenced Promissory Note is referred to herein as the “Note” and all references to the “Note”
shall be deemed to include the Note and this Rider. As used in the Note and this Rider, each capitalized term shall have the meaning
specified in the Note, and the following terms shall have the indicated meanings:

 

 

 

 

 

a.

 

“Base
 Rate” 
shall mean the rate per annum equal to the greater of (i) two (2) percentage points above the rate of interest announced
 by the Bank each day as its prime rate of interest (“Prime Rate”), or (ii) 3.25% (the “Base Rate Floor”).

 

 

 

 

b.

 

“Business
 Day”
 shall mean any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banking institutions in New York,
 New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to remain closed for business.

 

 

 

 

c.

 

“CME”
 
shall mean CME Group Benchmark Administration Ltd.

 

 

 

 

d.

 

“Interest
 Period” 
shall mean, as to any SOFR Loan, the applicable period of time 
(one day,
 subject to the following terms)
 during which a particular setting of the SOFR Loan Rate remains in effect, with the first such Interest Period commencing on the
 date of this Note (or, as applicable, the date of the first advance of any SOFR Loan hereunder) and extending to but not including
 the next succeeding Rate Adjustment Date, with such Rate Adjustment Date and each Rate Adjustment Date thereafter constituting the
 beginning of each succeeding Interest Period; provided, however, that if a Rate Adjustment Date would fall on a day that is not a
 U.S. Government Securities Business Day, such Rate Adjustment Date (and the Interest Period extending to but not including such Rate
 Adjustment Date) shall be extended to the next succeeding U.S. Government Securities Business Day.

 

 

 

 

e.

 

“Rate
 Adjustment Date”
 shall mean each U.S. Government Securities Business Day.

 

 

 

 

f.

 

“SOFR”
 
shall mean, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the secured overnight financing
 rate for such U.S. Government Securities Business Day as published by the SOFR Administrator.

 

 

 

 

g.

 

“SOFR
 Administrator”
 shall mean the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing
 rate).

 

 

 

 

h.

 

“SOFR
 Loan” 
shall mean any loan or other advance of funds made to the Borrower by the Bank pursuant to the Note that accrues
 interest at the SOFR Loan Rate.

 

 

 

 

1.

 

“SOFR
 Loan Rate”
 shall mean, for the duration of any Interest Period with respect to a SOFR Loan, the rate per annum (rounded
 upward to the nearest 1/16 of 1%) equal to Term SOFR published each U.S. Government Securities Business Day. Notwithstanding the
 foregoing, if, as of 5:00 p.m. (ET) on any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, Term SOFR has not been published, then the rate
 used will be such Term SOFR as published for the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day so long as such first preceding
 U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Rate Determination
 Date. Notwithstanding any provision above, the practice of rounding to determine the SOFR Loan Rate may be discontinued at any time
 in the Bank’s sole discretion.

 

 

 

 

j.

 

“Term
 SOFR”
 shall mean the 
I-Month 
CME SOFR Term Reference Rate administered by CME (or any successor forward-looking
 term rate derived from SOFR published by any successor administrator thereof, as may be recommended by the Federal Reserve Bank of
 New York) and published on the applicable commercially available screen page as may be designated by the Bank from time to time.

 

 

 

 

k.

 

“Term
 SOFR Conforming Changes” 
means, with respect to the use or administration of Term SOFR, any technical, administrative or
 operational changes (including, without limitation, changes to the definitions of “Business Day,” “U.S. Government
 Securities Business Day,” or “Interest Period,” timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of
 interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, length of lookback periods, the applicability
 of breakage provisions and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Bank decides may be appropriate to reflect
 the adoption and implementation of Term SOFR and to permit the administration thereof by the Bank in a manner substantially consistent
 with market practice (or, if the Bank decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible
 or if the Bank determines that no market practice for the administration of Term SOFR exists, in such other manner of administration
 as the Bank decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of the loan evidenced hereby).

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

I.

 

“U.S.
 Government Securities Business Day” 
shall mean any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which the Securities
 Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day
 for purposes of trading in United States government securities.

 

 
 

 
III.

 

“Variable Loan Rate”
 shall mean the
 SOFR Loan Rate.

 

 

ADDITIONAL
PROVISIONS.

 

Timing
of Requests for Advances. 
In addition to and without compromising any additional requirements referenced in the Note, to the extent
future advances are contemplated in the Note, the Bank reserves the right to require that any Borrower request for an advance must be
delivered to the Bank at least three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the requested date of funding the advance.

 

Modification
to Payment Due Date.
 Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in the Note, if in any particular month the applicable payment
due date is not a Business Day, the payment due date shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such next succeeding
Business Day would fall in the next calendar month, in which case such payment due date shall be the immediately preceding Business Day.

 

Term
SOFR Conforming Changes.
 In connection with the use or administration of Term SOFR, the Bank will have the right to make Term SOFR
Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, any amendments implementing such Term SOFR
Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of the Borrower or any other party hereto. The Bank will
promptly notify the Borrower of the effectiveness of any Term SOFR Conforming Changes.

 

Disclosure
Regarding Term SOFR.
 Borrower acknowledges and understands that (i) Term SOFR is established, administered and regulated by third
parties, and its continuing existence and ongoing viability as a source and basis for establishing contractual interest rates is entirely
outside the control of the Bank, (ii) Term SOFR is a derivative of SOFR, based on expectations derived from the derivatives markets and
dependent upon derivatives market liquidity, (iii) certain industry groups have advised that Term SOFR is not recommended for all financing
facilities, and (iv), the Bank does not warrant or accept responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to (a) the
continuation of, administration of, submission of, calculation of or any other matter related to Term SOFR, or any component definition
thereof or rates referenced in the definition thereof, or any alternative, successor or replacement rate thereto (including any Benchmark
Replacement) or (b) the effect, implementation or composition of any Term SOFR Conforming Changes. Notwithstanding the above, Borrower
has knowingly and voluntarily requested and/or accepted utilization of Term SOFR for all purposes provided for herein, accepting any
inherent risks associated with such utilization, and hereby waives any claims or defenses against the Bank in connection therewith.

 

Prepayment;
Breakage Fee.
 If (i) Borrower pays the principal balance, in whole or in part, on any SOFR Loan, on any day other than on Rate Adjustment
Date (including as a result of an event of default), (ii) the SOFR Loan Rate is converted to the Base Rate on any day other than a Rate
Adjustment Date; or (iii) to the extent applicable, Borrower fails to draw down or accept an advance, in whole or in part, of a SOFR
Loan after giving a request therefor or otherwise tries to revoke any SOFR Loan, 
in
 whole or in part, then Borrower shall be liable
for and shall pay the Bank, on demand, the higher of$250.00 or the actual amount of the liabilities, expenses, costs or funding losses
that are a direct or indirect result of such prepayment or other condition described above, whether such liability, expense, cost or
loss is by reason of (a) any reduction in yield, by reason of the liquidation or reemployment of any deposit or other funds acquired
by the Bank, (b) the fixing of the interest rate payable on any SOFR Loans, or (c) otherwise (collectively, the “Breakage Fee”).
The determination by the Bank of the foregoing amount shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding upon Borrower.

 

Conversion
to Base Rate Upon Default.
 Unless the Bank shall otherwise and in its sole discretion consent in writing, if (i) an event of default
(with respect to any payment obligation or otherwise, as may be defined or described in the Note or related documents) has occurred and
is continuing, or (ii) there exists a condition or event that, with the passage of time, the giving of notice, or both, shall constitute
such an event of default, the Bank, in its sole discretion, may convert the applicable interest rate to the Base Rate, and each reference
in the Note and herein to the applicable interest rate shall be deemed to be a reference to the Base Rate. Nothing herein shall be construed
to be a waiver by the Bank of its right to have the outstanding principal balance accrue interest at the Default Rate, accelerate the
indebtedness and/or exercise any other remedies available to the Bank under the terms hereof or applicable law.

 

Repayment
Upon Conversion to Base Rate.
 Except as otherwise provided herein, during the time of any conversion of the applicable interest rate
to the Base Rate, whether temporary or permanent, and whether pursuant to an event of default or otherwise, and without compromising
any other rights and remedies of the Bank, and in the absence of the Bank exercising any such other rights or remedies as may be applicable,
Borrower shall continue to repay all indebtedness in accordance with the terms of the Note. The determination by the Bank of the foregoing
amounts shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding upon Borrower.

 

Illegality.

If the Bank shall determine that the introduction of any law (statutory or common), treaty, rule, regulation, guideline or determination
of an arbitrator or of 
a
 governmental authority or in the interpretation or administration thereof, has made it unlawful, or that
any central bank or other governmental or regulatory authority has asserted that it is unlawful or otherwise impermissible for the Bank
to make or maintain loans using the then-current applicable interest rate index, then, on notice thereof by the Bank to Borrower, the
Bank may (i) suspend the maintaining of the loan hereunder using the then-current applicable interest rate index until the Bank shall
have notified Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination shall no longer exist, and/or (ii) convert the applicable
interest rate for the loan hereunder to the Base Rate, subject to the terms of the section below entitled “Inability to Determine
Term SOFR; Effect of Benchmark Transition Event”.

 

 

2

 

 

 

 

Inability
to Determine Term SOFR; Effect of Benchmark Transition Event.

 

 

 
 

 

(a)

 

If
 the Bank shall determine (which determination shall be conclusive and binding on Borrower) that for any reason the SOFR Loan Rate
 cannot be determined, other than as a result of a Benchmark Transition Event, the Bank will give notice of such determination to
 Borrower. Thereafter, the Bank may not make or maintain the loan hereunder using the SOFR Loan Rate until the Bank revokes such notice
 in writing, and until such revocation, the Bank may convert the applicable interest rate to the Base Rate, subject to the provisions
 below.

 

 
 

 

(b)

 

Benchmark
 Replacement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in the Note or any related agreement, upon the occurrence of a Benchmark
 Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date prior to any setting of the then-current Benchmark, (x) if a Benchmark
 Replacement is determined in accordance with clause 
(1) 
of the definition of “Benchmark Replacement” for such
 Benchmark Replacement Date in connection with a Benchmark Transition Event, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark
 for all purposes hereunder in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment or further
 action or consent of any other party hereto, and (y) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (2) of the
 definition of “Benchmark Replacement” for such Benchmark Replacement Date, the Bank may unilaterally amend the terms
 of the Note to replace the then-current Benchmark with a Benchmark Replacement, with any such amendment to become effective as soon
 as practicable for the Bank and upon notice to the Borrower, without any further action or consent of the Borrower. No replacement
 of the then-current Benchmark with a Benchmark Replacement pursuant to clause (y) above will occur prior to the earlier of (i) the
 applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and (ii) if such Benchmark Transition Event is a public statement or publication of information
 of a prospective event, the 180th day prior to the expected date of such event as of such public statement or publication of information
 (or if the expected date of such prospective event is fewer than 180 days after such statement or publication, the date of such statement
 or publication). Borrower shall pay all out-of-pocket costs (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) incurred by the Bank in
 connection with any negotiation, documentation or enforcement of the terms hereof or any related matters contemplated in this Section
 titled “Inability to Determine Term SOFR; Effect of Benchmark Transition Event” (“this Section”).

 

 
 

 

(c)

 

Benchmark
 Replacement Conforming Changes. In connection with the implementation or administration of a Benchmark Replacement, the Bank will
 have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in
 the Note or in any related document or agreement, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will
 become effective without any further action or consent of the Borrower or any other party hereto. The Bank shall not be liable to
 the Borrower for any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes made by the Bank in good faith.

 

 
 

 

(d)

 

Notices;
 Standards for Decisions and Determinations. The Bank will provide notification to the Borrower (which may at the Bank’s discretion
 be electronic, part of a billing statement, a general notice to customers or other communication) of the implementation of any Benchmark
 Replacement and the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, within a reasonable time prior to such implementation
 and effectiveness, as applicable. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Bank pursuant to this Section,
 including, without limitation, any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence
 of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive
 and binding upon the Borrower and any other parties hereto absent manifest error and may be made in the Bank’s sole discretion
 and without consent from the Borrower or any other party hereto, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section,
 and shall not be the basis of any claim of liability of any kind or nature against the Bank by any party hereto, all such claims
 being hereby waived individually by each party hereto.

 

 
 

 

(e)

 

Benchmark
 Unavailability Period. Upon the Borrower’s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period and until
 a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with this Section, the Borrower may revoke (as applicable) any pending request
 for an advance/borrowing of, conversion to, or continuation of a loan based on the SOFR Loan Rate (or the then-current Benchmark)
 to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have
 converted any such request (as applicable) into a request for an advance/borrowing of or conversion to a loan that shall accrue interest
 at the Base Rate.

 

 
 

 

(f)

 

The
 Bank does not warrant or accept responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to (a) the continuation of, administration
 of, submission of, calculation of or any other matter related to the Benchmark, any component definition thereof or rates referenced
 in the definition thereof or any alternative, successor or replacement rate thereto (including any Benchmark Replacement), including
 whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement)
 will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, or have the same volume or liquidity as, the Benchmark
 or any other Benchmark prior to its discontinuance or unavailability, or (b) the effect, implementation or composition of any Benchmark
 Replacement Conforming Changes. The Bank may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain the
 Benchmark, in each case pursuant to the terms hereof, and shall have no liability to the Borrower or any other person or entity for
 damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses
 (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component
 thereof) provided by any such information source or service.

 

 

 

3

 

 

 

 

(g)

Certain
 Defined Terms. As used in this Section:

 

1.

“Benchmark”
 means the SOFR Loan Rate or any subsequent Benchmark Replacement that has become effective
 hereunder.

2.

“Benchmark
 Replacement” means the first alternative set forth in the order below that is applicable
 and can be determined by the Bank for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date:

 

1)

The
 sum of (a) Daily Simple SOFR and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;

2)

The
 sum of: (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Bank giving due consideration
 to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement rate or the mechanism for determining
 such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market
 convention for determining a rate of interest as a replacement to the then-current Benchmark
 for U.S. dollar-denominated syndicated or bilateral credit facilities and (b) the related
 Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 

 

 

 

provided that, if the Benchmark Replacement as so determined
 would be less than the current benchmark rate floor with respect to the SOFR Loan Rate (if
 any, the “Floor”), the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be such Floor
 for the purposes hereof.

 

3.

“Benchmark
 Replacement Adjustment” means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current
 Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for
 calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value
 or zero) that has been selected by the Bank giving due consideration to (i) any selection
 or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread
 adjustment, for the replacement of such then-current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted
 Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing
 market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining
 such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such then-current Benchmark with the applicable
 Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated syndicated or bilateral credit
 facilities at such time.

4.

“Benchmark
 Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any
 technical, administrative or operational changes (including, without limitation, changes
 to the definitions of “Business Day,” “U.S. Government Securities Business
 Day,” or “Interest Period,” timing and frequency of determining rates and
 making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation
 notices, length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions and other technical,
 administrative or operational matters) that the Bank decides may be appropriate to reflect
 the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration
 thereof by the Bank in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the
 Bank decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively
 feasible or if the Bank determines that no market practice for the administration of such
 Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner of administration as the Bank decides
 is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of the loan evidenced hereby).

5.

“Benchmark
 Replacement Date” means the earlier to occur of the following events with respect to
 the then-current Benchmark:

 

1)

in
 the case of clause (a) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event,” the
 later of(i) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein
 and (ii) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely
 ceases to provide the Benchmark; or

2)

in
 the case of clause (b) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event,” the
 later of(i) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein
 and (ii) the announced or stated date as of which all applicable tenors of such Benchmark
 will no longer be representative.

 

6.

“Benchmark
 Transition Event” means, with respect to any then-current Benchmark, the occurrence
 of a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator
 of the then-current Benchmark, the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark,
 the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York,
 an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark, a resolution
 authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark or a court or an entity
 with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark,
 announcing or stating that (a) such administrator has ceased, or will cease on a specified
 date, to provide such Benchmark (or all tenors of such Benchmark applicable to the loan evidenced
 hereby), permanently or indefinitely, 
provided
 that, at the time of such statement
 or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any applicable
 tenors of such Benchmark or (b) all applicable tenors of such Benchmark are or as of a specified
 date will no longer be representative of the underlying market and economic reality that
 such Benchmark is intended to measure and indicating that representativeness will not be
 restored.

7.

..Benchmark
 Unavailability Period” means the period (if any) (x) beginning at the time that a Benchmark
 Replacement Date has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced the
 then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder in accordance with this Section and (y)
 ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for
 all purposes hereunder in accordance with this Section.

 

 

4

 

 

 

 

8.

“Daily
 Simple SOFR” shall mean for any day (a “SOFR Rate Day”), a rate per annum
 equal to SOFR for the day (such day ‘?’) that is five (5) U.S. Government Securities
 Business Days prior to (i) if such SOFR Rate Day is a U.S. Government Securities Business
 Day, such SOFR Rate Day, or (ii) if such SOFR Rate Day is not a U.S. Government Securities
 Business Day, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding such SOFR
 Rate Day, in each case, as such SOFR is published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator’s
 Website. If by 5:00 pm (ET) on the second (2
nd
) U.S. Government Securities Business
 Day immediately following any day 
“i’,
 the SOFR in respect of such day
 ‘‘z’’ has not been published on the SOFR Administrator’s Website
 (and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Daily Simple SOFR has not occurred),
 then the SOFR for such day ‘i’ will be the SOFR as published in respect of the
 first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such SOFR was published
 on the SOFR Administrator’s Website; 
provided
 that any SOFR determined pursuant
 to this sentence shall be utilized for purposes of calculation of Daily Simple SOFR for no
 more than three (3) consecutive SOFR Rate Days. Any change in Daily Simple SOFR due to a
 change in SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in
 SOFR without notice to the Borrower.

9.

“Relevant
 Governmental Body” means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the
 Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board
 of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any
 successor thereto.

10.

“SOFR
 Administrator’s Website” shall mean the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of
 New York, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source for the secured
 overnight financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time.

11.

“SOFR
 Rate Day” shall have the meaning specified in the definition of Daily Simple SOFR.

12.

“Unadjusted
 Benchmark Replacement” means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the Benchmark Replacement
 Adjustment.

 

[SIGNATURE
PAGE TO FOLLOW]

 

 

5

 

 

 

 

Acknowledgment.

Borrower acknowledges that it has read and understands all the provisions of this Rider and has been advised by counsel as necessary
or appropriate.

 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, Borrower has executed and delivered this Rider as an instrument under seal (in jurisdictions where applicable).

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 MAMAMANCINI’s HOLDINGS, INC.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

BY:

 

/s/
 Steven Burns

 

 

Signature
 of Witness

 

 

 

Name:

 

Steven
 Burns

 

 

 

 

 

 

Title:

 

Executive
 Vice President

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Typed
 Name of Witness

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 T&L ACQUISITION CORP.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

BY:
 Mamamancini’s Holdings, Inc.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

By:

 

/s/
 Steven Burns

 

 

Signature
 of Witness

 

 

 

Name:

 

Steven
 Burns

 

 

 

 

 

 

Title:

 

Executive
 Vice President

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Typed
 Name of Witness

 

 

 

 

[Signature
Page to Variable Rate Rider (I-Month Term SOFR, Adjusting Daily)]

 

 

6