EX-10.17(E)

2

ex10-17e.htm

EX-10.17(E)

 

Exhibit 10.17(e)

 

Loan No. RX0024T6G

 

SEVENTH AMENDMENT TO 

PROMISSORY NOTE AND SUPPLEMENT

(Revolving Term Loan)

 

THIS SEVENTH AMENDMENT
TO PROMISSORY NOTE AND SUPPLEMENT
 (this “
Amendment
”), is entered into as of July 24, 2025, between 
TIDEWATER
UTILITIES, INC
., a Delaware corporation (the “
Company
”), and 
CoBANK, ACB
, a federally chartered instrumentality
of the United States (“
CoBank
”).

 

BACKGROUND

 

The Company and CoBank are
parties to a Promissory Note and Supplement (Revolving Term Loan Supplement) dated as of March 19, 2009, and number RX0024T6, as amended
by a First Amendment to Promissory Note and Supplement dated as of August 31, 2011, a Second Amendment to Promissory Note and Supplement
dated as of October 15, 2014, a Third Amendment to Promissory Note and Supplement dated as of March 7, 2017, a Fourth Amendment to Promissory
Note and Supplement dated as of August 19, 2020, an Omnibus Amendment to Promissory Notes and Supplements dated as of December 6, 2022,
and a Sixth Amendment to Promissory Note and Supplement dated as of May 11, 2023 (collectively, the “
Supplement
”).
The parties now desire to amend the Supplement.

 

NOW, THEREFORE
, for
good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:

 

SECTION 1. Defined
Terms
. All capitalized terms used herein and not defined herein shall have the meanings given to those terms in the Supplement
or in the “MLA” (as defined in the Supplement).

 

SECTION 2.
Amendments
.

 

 
 

 

(A)
 

 
Section 1 of the Supplement is hereby amended and restated to read as follows:

 

SECTION 1.
The Commitment
. On the terms and conditions set forth in the MLA and this Promissory Note and Supplement, CoBank agrees to make
loans (each a “
Loan
”) to the Company during the period set forth below in an aggregate principal amount not to
exceed $20,000,000 at any one time outstanding (the “
Commitment
”). Within the limits and during the term of the
Commitment, the Company may borrow, prepay and reborrow.

 

 
 

 

(B)
 

 
Section 3 of the Supplement is hereby amended and restated to read as follows:

 

SECTION 3. Term.

 The term of the Commitment shall be from the date hereof, up to and including May 20, 2028, or such later date as CoBank may, in
its sole discretion, authorize in writing.

 

 

 

 

 

 

SECTION 3.
Representations and Warranties
. To induce CoBank to enter into this Amendment, the Company represents and warrants that: (A)
except for such as have been obtained, are in full force and effect, and are not subject to appeal, no consent, permission,
authorization, order or license of any governmental authority or of any party to any agreement to which the Company is a party or by
which it or any of its property may be bound or affected, is necessary in connection with the execution, delivery, performance or
enforcement of this Amendment; (B) the Company is in compliance with all of the terms of the Loan Documents, and no Default or Event
of Default exists; and (C) this Amendment has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company, and creates legal, valid,
and binding obligations of the Company which are enforceable in accordance with its terms, except to the extent that enforceability
may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting the rights of creditors generally. Without limiting
(B) above, the Company represents and warrants that it is in compliance with all notice provisions of the Loan Documents, including,
without limitation, the requirement to notify CoBank of the commencement of material litigation and of certain environmental
matters.

 

SECTION 4.
Confirmation
. Except as amended by this Amendment, the Supplement shall remain in full force and effect as written.

 

SECTION 5
. 
Counterparts
and Electronic Delivery
. This Amendment may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties in different counterparts), each
of which shall constitute an original, and all of which when taken together shall constitute a single agreement. In addition, this Amendment
may be delivered by electronic means.

 

Signature page on next page

 

 

 

 

 

 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF
,
the parties have caused this Amendment to be executed by their duly authorized officers as of the date shown above.

 

 

 

CoBANK, ACB

 
 

 

TIDEWATER UTILITIES, INC.

 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 
 

 

/s/ Fidel Escalante

 
 

 
 

 

/s/ Robert J. Capko

 

 

By:

 
 

 
 

 

By:

 
 

 

 

Name:

 

Fidel Escalante

 
 

 

Name:

 

Robert J. Capko

 

 

Title:

 

Assistant Corporate Secretary

 
 

 

Title:

 

Treasurer