EX-10.1

2

ex10-1.htm

 

 

Exhibit
10.1

 

Execution
Version

 

third
AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT

 

THIS
THIRD 
AMENDMENT TO CREDIT 
AGREEMENT
 (this “

Agreement

”) is
dated as of March 1, 2024 by and among 

MOBILE INFRA OPERATING COMPANY, LLC

, a Delaware
limited liability company (the “

Lead Borrower

”), each Subsidiary Borrower (and together with Lead Borrower,
individually and collectively, jointly and severally, the “

Borrower

”), 

Mobile
Infrastructure Corporation

, a Maryland corporation (“

Parent

”), and 
KEYBANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

as administrative agent (the “

Administrative Agent

”), and the other financial institutions party hereto,
as lenders (each a “

Lender

” and collectively, the “

Lenders

”). 

 

A.
The Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders are party to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of March 29, 2022, as amended
by that certain First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of November 17, 2022 and that certain Waiver and Second Amendment to Credit
Agreement, dated as of August 25, 2023 (the “

Credit Agreement

”, and as amended by this Agreement, the “

Amended
Credit Agreement

”);

 

B.
The Borrower has requested that the Administrative Agent and the Lenders agree, and the Administrative Agent and the Lenders have agreed,
to extend the Maturity Date upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement;

 

C.
The Borrower and the Administrative Agent have agreed to make certain modifications to the Credit Agreement upon the terms and subject
to the conditions set forth in this Agreement.

 

NOW,
THEREFORE
, in consideration of the mutual promises herein contained and for other valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency
of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto do hereby agree as follows:

 

1.

Credit Agreement Definitions 
. 

Unless otherwise
expressly defined herein, capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meaning given to such terms in the Amended Credit
Agreement.

 

2.

AMENDMENTS TO CREDIT AGREEMENT.
 Effective as of the Third Amendment Effective Date, the Credit Agreement is hereby amended as
follows:

 

2.01.
Section 1.01 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by amending and restating each of the following definitions in their entirety
to read as follows:

 

“
Applicable
Rate
” means, a rate per annum equal to:

 

(1)
at any time from and after the Third Amendment Effective Date, prior to the First Extended Stated Maturity Date, (a) with respect to
SOFR Loans, three percent (3.0%) and (b) with respect to ABR Loans, two percent (2.0%);

 

(2)
at any time from the First Extended Stated Maturity Date until the Second Extended Stated Maturity Date, (a) with respect to SOFR Loans,
three and one half percent (3.5%) and (b) with respect to ABR Loans, two and one half percent (2.5%); and

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

(3)
at any time from the Second Extended Stated Maturity Date and thereafter, (a) with respect to SOFR Loans, four percent (4.0%) and (b)
with respect to ABR Loans, three percent (3.0%).

 

“
Collateral
”
means all property, tangible or intangible, real, personal or mixed, now or hereafter subject to the liens and security interests of
the Loan Documents, or intended so to be, which Collateral shall secure the Obligations and the Hedging Obligations on a pari passu basis,
including, without limitation, the Pool Properties pursuant to the Mortgages, all direct and indirect Equity Interests owned by the Equity
Pledgor in the Fee Owners of the Clarksburg Property, Clybourn Property, and Milwaukee Old World Property, and the net proceeds from
the sale or refinancing of the Streeter Property as specified in Section 2.03 below.

 

“
Loan
Documents
” means this Agreement, the Notes, each Guaranty, the Financing Statements, each Mortgage, each Environmental Indemnity,
each Pledge Agreement and all other instruments, agreements and written obligations executed and delivered by any of the Credit Parties
in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby.

 

2.02.
Section 1.01 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended to add the following new defined terms in appropriate alphabetical order therein:

 

“
Capital
Events
” has the meaning given to such term in 
Section 2.10(h)
.

 

“
Clarksburg
Property
” means that certain Real Property located at 327-328 Washington Avenue, Clarksburg, WV 26301.

 

“
Clybourn
Property
” means that certain Real Property located at 412 East Clybourn Street, Milwaukee, WI 53202.

 

“
Equity
Offering
” means, any issuance and/or sale after the Third Amendment Effective Date by Parent, Lead Borrower, any Guarantor
or any of their Subsidiaries of any Equity Interests or equity securities of such Person, including, without limitation, (a) any new
preferred securities, (b) any conversion of equity interests or securities of any Subsidiary of Lead Borrower into equity interests in
Lead Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, and (c) any new common shares.

 

“
Equity
Pledgor
” means Mobile Infra Holdings, LLC.

 

“
First
Extended Maturity Date
” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.19(a).

 

“
Milwaukee
Old World Property
” means that certain Real Property located at 822 North Old World Third Street, Milwaukee, WI 53023.

 

“
Pledge
Agreement
” means that certain Equity Interests Pledge and Security Agreement executed by the Equity Pledgor in favor of Administrative
Agent.

 

“
Second
Extended Maturity Date
” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.19(a).

 

“
Streeter
Property
” means that certain Real Property located at 322 East Illinois Street, Chicago, IL 60611.

 

“
Third
Amendment Effective Date
” means March 1, 2024.

 

 

2

 

 

 

 

2.03.
Section 2.10 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended to add new clauses (h) and (i) in appropriate numerical order as follows:

 

(h)
From the Third Amendment Effective Date, except as explicitly set forth in Section 2.10(i) with respect to the Streeter Property, the
Borrower, or the Parent on behalf of the Borrower, shall prepay the Loans in an amount equal to one hundred percent (100%) of the net
proceeds from any capital event in respect of the Borrower or its assets, including any net proceeds (i) payable to any Credit Party
generated by Equity Offerings by the Borrower, Parent, or any of their Subsidiaries, (ii) payable to any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries
(after payment of usual and customary closing costs and expenses and repayment of any Indebtedness secured by such Real Property or Collateral)
generated by the sale, finance, refinance or other recapitalization of any Real Property or other Collateral owned directly or indirectly
by the Borrower, and (iii) payable to the Borrower, Parent, or any of their Subsidiaries (after payment of usual and customary closing
costs and expenses) generated by the incurrence of any other Indebtedness (including any refinancings or replacements of existing Indebtedness)
of the Borrower, Parent, or any of their Subsidiaries after the date hereof (the transactions contemplated in clauses (i) – (iii),
collectively, “
Capital Events
”). Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, from the Third Amendment Effective
Date, the Commitments shall be permanently reduced in accordance with 
Section 2.08(b)
 concurrently with, and in the same amount
as, any prepayment of Loans under this Agreement, whether voluntary or a mandatory. The Credit Parties shall, and shall cause their Subsidiaries
to, distribute to the Lead Borrower, promptly after receipt thereof, 100% of the net proceeds from any Capital Events with respect to
their assets, which net proceeds shall be deposited into the Debt Service Reserve Account as additional collateral for the Loans pending
application thereof pursuant to this 
Section 2.10(h)
. Lead Borrower hereby directs Agent to apply the net proceeds from any Capital
Events so deposited into the Debt Service Reserve Account to prepay the Loans in accordance with this Section. Until applied to prepay
the Loans in accordance with this Section, such cash collateral shall be, at all times, maintained in the Debt Service Reserve Account
subject to the terms of 
Section 5.19
.

 

(i)
Concurrently with any sale or refinancing of the Streeter Property, the Borrower shall deposit cash collateral with the Administrative
Agent, as additional collateral for the Loans, in an amount equal to one hundred percent (100%) of the net proceeds from the sale or
refinancing of the Streeter Property. Such cash collateral shall be, at all times, maintained in the Debt Service Reserve Account subject
to the terms of 
Section 5.19
. For the avoidance of doubt, the failure of the Borrowers to deposit the net proceeds of the sale
or refinancing of the Streeter Property into the Debt Service Reserve Account shall constitute an Event of Default under Section 7.01(a).

 

2.04.
Section 2.12 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended to delete clause (g) in its entirety.

 

2.05.
Section 2.19(a) of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by amending and restating it in its entirety to read as follows:

 

(a)
So long as no Event of Default or Default shall be in existence on the date on which notice is given in accordance with the following
clause (i) and on the then current Stated Maturity Date, Borrower may extend the Stated Maturity Date for additional six (6) month periods
from the Stated Maturity Date then in effect on no more than two (2) occasions, first to October 1, 2024 (the “
First Extended
Stated Maturity Date
”) then to April 1, 2025 (the “
Second Extended Stated Maturity Date
”), respectively
for each such extension, and thereafter for (1) additional three (3) month period from the Stated Maturity Date then in effect to June
30, 2025, upon satisfaction of the following: (i) delivery of a written request to Administrative Agent at least sixty (60) days, but
no more than one hundred twenty (120) days, prior to the Stated Maturity Date then in effect; (ii) payment to Administrative Agent for
the benefit of the Lenders of the extension fee set forth in SECTION 2.11(d) for each extension option, which fee shall be payable on
or before the then applicable Maturity Date; and (iii) payment by Borrower of all fees and expenses to Administrative Agent and the Lenders
to the extent then due. Such extension shall be evidenced by delivery of written confirmation of the same by Administrative Agent to
Borrower, but Administrative Agent’s failure to timely deliver the notice shall not affect Borrower’s right to extend so
long as the conditions contained herein are satisfied.

 

 

3

 

 

 

 

2.06.
Section 2.19 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended to add new clause (ix) in appropriate numerical order as follows:

 

(ix)
the Borrower shall extend any applicable Hedging Agreement through each extended Stated Maturity Date at a strike rate sufficient to
ensure compliance with all of the financial covenants set forth in 
Section 5.02
 (as reasonably agreed by the Administrative Agent)
hereof both on the date on which the extension request is given to the Administrative Agent and on the first day of the extension.

 

2.07.
Section 5.19 is hereby amended by adding the following to add new clause (d) in appropriate numerical order as follows:

 

(d)
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Lead Borrower shall deposit into the Debt Service Reserve Account (x) 100% of the net proceeds from any
Capital Events in accordance with Section 2.10(h) and (y) concurrently with any sale or refinancing of the Streeter Property, cash collateral
in accordance with Section 2.10(i). Such funds deposited into the Debt Service Reserve Account in accordance with Sections 2.10(h) and
(i) shall not be considered when determining any Interest Shortfall under Section 5.19(b) or in the application of Section 5.19(c).

 

2.08.
A new Section 5.21 is hereby added to the Credit Agreement in appropriate numerical order as follows:

 

Section
5.21 
Streeter Property
. Borrower shall work diligently to refinance the Streeter Property at all times from and after the Third
Amendment Effective Date.

 

2.09.
Section 6.05 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following phrase at the end thereof:

 

Without
limitation to the foregoing, the Lead Borrower shall not make any Restricted Payment to holders of its Equity Interests of any proceeds
from a Capital Event with respect to its assets or asset of any of its Subsidiaries or any Equity Offering unless it shall first make
the prepayments required under Section 2.10(h) hereof.

 

2.10.
Section 6.09 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by amending and restating clause (g) thereof in its entirety to read as follows:

 

and
(g) with the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion, Indebtedness that is recourse to the Parent (excluding
the Obligations) in connection with secured Indebtedness of its Subsidiaries.

 

3.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
. The Borrower hereby represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that,
as of the date hereof:

 

3.01.
The representations and warranties of Borrower and each other Credit Party contained in 
Article III
 of the Amended Credit Agreement
or any other Loan Document, are true and correct in all material respects on and as of the Third Amendment Effective Date, except to
the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct
in all material respects as of such earlier date, and except that for purposes of the Amended Credit Agreement, the representations and
warranties contained in 
Section 3.04 
of the Amended Credit Agreement shall be deemed to refer to the most-recent statements furnished
pursuant to 
Section 5.01
 of the Amended Credit Agreement;

 

3.02.
No Default or Event of Default exists as of the Third Amendment Effective Date, or would result after giving effect to this Agreement;
and

 

 

4

 

 

 

 

3.03.
This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by Borrower so as to constitute the legal and binding obligation of Borrower,
enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, subject to Debtor Relief Laws and equitable principles.

 

3.04.
The Clarksburg Property, the Clybourn Property, and the Milwaukee Old World Property are and shall remain free and clear of any Liens
other than Permitted Encumbrances.

 

4.

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT
. The effectiveness of this Agreement is subject to the conditions precedent that Administrative Agent shall
have received the following (the date when such conditions shall have been satisfied or waived, the “
Third Amendment Effective
Date
”):

 

4.01.

Agreement
. This Agreement, duly executed and delivered by Borrower, the Administrative Agent, and Lenders;

 

4.02.

Authority
. Evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that the Borrower has taken all necessary action approving
or consenting to entry into the transactions contemplated herein;

 

4.03.

Equity Interests Pledge
. A pledge of all direct and indirect Equity Interests owned by Mobile Infra Holdings, LLC (“
Equity
Pledgor
”) in the Fee Owners of the Clarksburg Property, the Clybourn Property, and the Milwaukee Old World Property, duly executed
and delivered by Equity Pledgor, in form and substance satisfactory to Administrative Agent.

 

4.04.

Constituent Documents
. A certificate from a responsible officer (not individually, but in his or her capacity as such officer)
of Borrower certifying the organizational and authority documents of the Credit Parties, and certifying the resolutions being executed
in connection herewith;

 

4.05.

Compliance Certificate
. A compliance certificate showing compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Section 5.02 of
the Credit Agreement as of September 30, 2023, inclusive, and a Borrowing Base Report dated as of the date hereof after giving effect
to the prepayment of the Loans on the date hereof;

 

4.07.

Other Documents
. The Borrower shall deliver to Administrative Agent all other documents and certificates as the Administrative
Agent or its counsel may reasonably request relating to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated herein, including, without limitation,
uniform commercial code financing statements in respect of the additional Collateral being granted on the date hereof; and

 

4.08.

Fees and Expenses. 
Payment to the Administrative Agent of all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees and expenses (including
attorney’s fees and expenses), incurred by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in connection with this Agreement.

 

5.

NO OTHER AMENDMENTS; RATIFICATION OF LOAN DOCUMENTS
. Except for the amendments set forth in 
Section 2 
of this Agreement,
(a) the Amended Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall remain unchanged and in full force and effect and (b) nothing in
this Agreement is intended, or shall be construed, to constitute a novation or an accord and satisfaction of Borrower’s or any
Guarantor’s Obligations under or in connection with the Amended Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document. Borrower hereby ratifies,
confirms and reaffirms all of the terms and conditions of the Amended Credit Agreement and each of the other Loan Documents to which
it is party, and further acknowledges and agrees that all of the terms and conditions of the Amended Credit Agreement and such Loan Documents
remain in full force and effect, in each case, except as expressly provided in this Agreement. This Agreement shall constitute a Loan
Document for all purposes.

 

 

5

 

 

 

 

6.

MISCELLANEOUS
.

 

6.01.

Governing Law
. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York.

 

6.02.

Successors and Assigns
. The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto
and their respective successors and assigns permitted by the Amended Credit Agreement.

 

6.03.

Invalid Provisions
. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be illegal, invalid, or unenforceable under present or future
laws effective during the term of this Agreement, such provision shall be fully severable and this Agreement shall be construed and enforced
as if such illegal, invalid or unenforceable provision had never comprised a part of this Agreement, and the remaining provisions of
this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and shall not be affected by the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provision or
by its severance from this Agreement, unless such continued effectiveness of this Agreement, as modified, would be contrary to the basic
understandings and intentions of the parties as expressed herein.

 

6.04.

Headings
. Section headings are for convenience of reference only and shall in no way affect the interpretation of this Agreement.

 

6.05.

Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness
. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto in different
counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This
Agreement and the other Loan Documents constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede
any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. Except as provided in 
Section
6
, this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by Administrative Agent and when Administrative Agent shall
have received counterparts hereof that, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto. Delivery of an
executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by telecopy or other electronic imaging means shall be effective as delivery
of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement.

 

Remainder
of Page Intentionally Left Blank

Signature Pages Follow.

 

 

6

 

 

 

 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF
, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the day and year first above written.

 

 

 

 

 

LEAD
 BORROWER: 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

MOBILE
 INFRA OPERATING COMPANY, LLC

, a Delaware limited
 liability company

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

By:

 

 
 

/s/
 Manuel Chavez

 

 

 

 

 

Name:

 

 
 
Manuel
 Chavez
 

 

 

 

 

Title:

 

 
 
Director
 

 

 

Signature
Page to

Acknowledgment
and Confirmation

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

ADMINISTRATIVE
 AGENT:

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

KEYBANK
 NATIONAL ASSOCIATION
, as Administrative Agent and as a Lender

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

By:
 

 
 

/s/
 Christopher T. Neil

 

 

 

 

 

Name:

 

Christopher
 T. Neil

 

 

 

 

Title:

 

Senior
 Banker

 

 

Signature
Page to

Acknowledgment
and Confirmation

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

acknowledgment
and confirmation

 

Each
of the undersigned, as Guarantors under the Credit Agreement, that certain Guaranty dated as of March 29, 2022 by the Parent and certain
of its Subsidiaries (the “
Guaranty
”) and any other Loan Document to which any Guarantor is a party, hereby unconditionally
and irrevocably: (a) consents to the execution and delivery of, and performance under, the Third Amendment to Credit Agreement dated
as of March 1, 2024 to which this Acknowledgment and Confirmation is attached (the “
Agreement
”); (b) affirms
its obligations under the Guaranty with respect to the indebtedness of the Borrower under the Credit Agreement as amended by the Agreement;
and (c) agrees that the execution and delivery of the Agreement shall not operate to release, discharge, serve as a defense to, or in
any way alter or amend the obligations of the undersigned under the Guaranty or other Loan Documents to which such Guarantor is a party.
Each Guarantor hereby acknowledges and agrees that as of the date hereof, the Guaranty shall be deemed to incorporate all applicable
terms and conditions of the Agreement.

 

 

 

 

 

MOBILE
 INFRASTRUCTURE CORPORATION
 (f/k/a FIFTH WALL ACQUISITION CORP. III), a Maryland corporation, successor by merger to Mobile Infrastructure
 Corporation, a Maryland corporation

 

 
                
 

 

 

 

            

 

 

 

 

By:

 
 

/s/
 Manuel Chavez

 

 

 

 

 

Name:

 
 
Manuel
 Chavez
 

 

 

 

 

Title:

 
 
Chief
 Executive Officer
 

 

 

Signature
Page to

Acknowledgment
and Confirmation

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

MOBILE
 INFRA HOLDINGS, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

By:
 Mobile Intermediate Holdings, LLC, its member and manager

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

By:
 Mobile Infra Operating Company, LLC, its member and manager

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

By:

 
 

/s/
 Manuel Chavez

 

 

 

 

 

Name:

 
 
Manuel
 Chavez
 

 

 

 

 

Title:

 
 
Director
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

MOBILE
 INTERMEDIATE HOLDINGS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

By:
 Mobile Infra Operating Company, LLC, its member and manager

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

By:

 
 

/s/
 Manuel Chavez

 

 

 

 

 

Name:

 
 
Manuel
 Chavez
 

 

 

 

 

Title:

 
 
Director
 

 

 

Signature
Page to

Acknowledgment
and Confirmation