EX-10.2

3

ex10-2.htm

 

 

Exhibit
10.2

 

Amended
and restated secured

 
CONTINGENT VALUE RIGHT AGREEMENT

 

This
AMENDED AND RESTATED SECURED CONTINGENT VALUE RIGHT AGREEMENT (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to
time, this “
Agreement
”), dated as of February 20, 2025 (the “
Effective Date
”) is made by and among

Molecular Templates Opco, Inc.
, 
a Delaware corporation (“
Opco
”),

Molecular Templates, Inc.

, a Delaware corporation (“
Parent
”,
and in its capacity as obligor with respect to the Contingent Value, together with Opco, and each other Person party hereto from time
to time as an obligor, collectively, “
Obligors
” and each, an “
Obligor
”), 
K2 HEALTHVENTURES LLC

(“
K2
”, and as holder under this Agreement, in such capacity, together with its successors, “
Holder
”),
and 

ANKURA TRUST COMPANY, LLC

, as collateral trustee for Secured Parties (in such
capacity, together with its successors, “
Collateral Trustee
”). This Agreement amends, restates and replaces in its
entirety that certain Convertible Secured Contingent Value Right Agreement, among the parties, dated as of June 16, 2023 (the “
Original
Agreement Date
”), among Obligors, Holder and Collateral Trustee.

 

For
good and valuable consideration, the sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as follows:

 

1. Accounting
and Other Terms
. Accounting terms not defined in this Agreement shall be construed in accordance with GAAP, and calculations and
determinations shall be made following GAAP, consistently applied. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this Agreement shall have
the meanings set forth on 
Exhibit A
. All other terms contained in this Agreement, unless otherwise indicated, shall have the meaning
provided by the Code to the extent such terms are defined therein. As used in this Agreement, the word “shall” is mandatory,
the word “may” is permissive, the word “or” is not exclusive, the words “includes” and “including”
are not limiting, the singular includes the plural, and numbers denoting amounts that are set off in brackets are negative. For purposes
of calculations made pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise for purposes of compliance herewith, GAAP will be deemed to
treat operating leases and capital lease obligations in a manner consistent with the treatment thereof under GAAP as in effect on December
31, 2018, notwithstanding any modifications or interpretive changes thereto that have occurred. Any documents or agreements referred
to herein shall mean any such documents or agreements as amended, restated, amended and restated and/or otherwise supplemented or modified
from time to time.

 

2. Refinancing
of Loan Obligations
. As of the Original Agreement Date, K2, in its capacity as the sole Lender and Administrative Agent under the
Loan Agreement, Opco and Parent, in their capacity as Loan Parties under the Loan Agreement, agreed to refinance the outstanding obligations
in respect of the Loans (excluding the Surviving Obligations, collectively, the “
Loan Obligations
”). Obligors made
a cash payment of $27,500,000 on the Original Agreement Date. In lieu of cash payment of the remaining balance of the Loan Obligations,
Holder agreed to refinance the Loan Obligations, pursuant to the right to receive the Contingent Value and the other agreements in accordance
with this Agreement.

 

3. Contingent
Value
.

 

(a) 
Contingent
Payments
. Obligors shall pay the applicable Contingent Payment Amount, within three (3) Business Days following each Contingent Payment
Event (each such payment, a “
Contingent Payment
” and collectively, the “
Contingent Payments
”).
When the Remaining Value is $0, the Contingent Value shall be deemed satisfied and paid in full. Part 2 of 
Schedule 2
 hereto shall
be updated from time to time by Holder upon receipt of any Contingent Payment to reflect the then-current Remaining Value, and Holder
shall provide a copy of 
Schedule 2
, as updated, from time to time as reasonably requested by any Obligor.

 

(b) 
Repayment
at Maturity Date
. If not previously satisfied in full, on February 1, 2026, the Remaining Value shall be satisfied in full with cash
on hand and all of Obligors’ other Collateral, provided, that the parties acknowledge and agree that the parties shall use reasonable
best efforts to cause a portion of the Remaining Value and any other amounts due under this Agreement to be rolled up in debtor-in-possession
financing facility obtained in connection with a Chapter 11 bankruptcy case commenced by Obligors, with such portion not rolled up into
a debtor-in-possession financing facility either satisfied from the Collateral or otherwise satisfied pursuant to a bankruptcy proceeding
in accordance with the priorities set forth in the Bankruptcy Code, as applicable.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

(c) 
Optional
Early Termination
. Obligors may, upon fifteen (15) Business Days prior written notice to Holder, or such shorter period as Holder
may reasonably approve, approval not to be unreasonably withheld, prepay the Contingent Value by paying the Remaining Value in full in
cash without premium or penalty.

 

4. Manner
of Payment; Joint and Several Liability; Payments Free of Withholding; Etc.

 

(a) All
payments to be made by Obligors hereunder, including payments of principal and interest and all fees, charges, expenses, indemnities
and reimbursements, shall be made in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and if expressly required to be paid in cash, in immediately
available funds in Dollars, without setoff, recoupment or counterclaim in accordance with wire instructions provided by Holder to Obligors
in writing as of the date hereof, as the same may from time to time be updated by written notice from Holder to Obligors.

 

(b) Each
Obligor hereunder shall be jointly and severally obligated to pay any Contingent Payments or other Secured Obligations when due hereunder,
regardless of which Obligor actually receives the payments or proceeds giving rise to the Contingent Payment Event, if applicable. Each
Obligor hereby waives (a) any suretyship defenses available to it under the Code or any other applicable law, and (b) any right to require
Secured Parties to: (i) proceed against any Obligor or any other person; (ii) proceed against or exhaust any security; or (iii) pursue
any other remedy. Secured Parties may exercise or not exercise any right or remedy it has against any Obligor or any security it holds
(including the right to foreclose by judicial or non-judicial sale) without affecting any other Obligor’s liability. Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Agreement or other related document, each Obligor irrevocably waives all rights that it may have at law or
in equity (including, without limitation, any law subrogating any Obligor to the rights of Secured Parties under this Agreement) to seek
contribution, indemnification or any other form of reimbursement from any other Obligor, or any other Person now or hereafter primarily
or secondarily liable for any of the Secured Obligations, for any payment made by such Obligor with respect to the Secured Obligations
in connection with this Agreement or otherwise and all rights that it might have to benefit from, or to participate in, any security
for the Secured Obligations as a result of any payment made by an Obligor with respect to the Secured Obligations in connection with
this Agreement or otherwise. Any agreement providing for indemnification, reimbursement or any other arrangement prohibited under this
Section shall be null and void. If any payment is made to an Obligor in contravention of this Section, such Obligor shall hold such payment
in trust for Secured Parties and such payment shall be promptly delivered to Collateral Trustee, for the benefit of Secured Parties,
for application to the Secured Obligations, whether matured or unmatured.

 

5. Security
Interest; Pledge. 

 

(a) 
Grant
of Security Interest
. Each Obligor hereby grants to Collateral Trustee, for the benefit of Secured Parties, to secure the payment
and performance in full of the Secured Obligations, a continuing security interest in, and pledges to Collateral Trustee, the Collateral,
wherever located, whether now owned or hereafter acquired or arising, and all proceeds and products thereof. If this Agreement is terminated,
Collateral Trustee’s Lien in the Collateral shall continue until the Secured Obligations (other than contingent indemnification
obligations as to which no claim has been asserted or is known to exist and any other obligations which, by their terms, are to survive
the termination of this Agreement) are repaid in full in cash.

 

(b) 
Priority
of Security Interest
. Each Obligor represents, warrants, and covenants that the security interest granted herein is and shall at
all times continue to be a first priority perfected security interest in the Collateral (subject only to Permitted Liens). If an Obligor
shall acquire a commercial tort claim with a potential recovery in excess of $50,000, such Obligor shall promptly notify Holder in writing
and deliver such other information and documents as Holder may reasonably require to take any further action necessary or advisable to
perfect Collateral Trustee’s Lien in such commercial tort claim. If an Obligor shall acquire any instrument with a value in excess
of $50,000, such Obligor shall promptly notify Holder and deliver the same in original together with an allonge or other appropriate
instrument of transfer and any necessary endorsement, all in form reasonably satisfactory to Collateral Trustee.

 

(c) 
Authorization
to File Financing Statements
. Each Obligor hereby authorizes Collateral Trustee or its designee (or the Holder, on behalf of the
Collateral Trustee) to file at any time financing statements, continuation statements and amendments thereto with all appropriate jurisdictions
to perfect or protect Collateral Trustee’s interest or rights hereunder. Such financing statements may describe the Collateral
as “all assets of such Obligor whether now owned or existing or hereafter acquired or arising and wheresoever located, and proceeds
and products thereof” or words to that effect, and any limitations on such collateral description, notwithstanding that the collateral
description may be broader in scope than the Collateral described in this Agreement.

 

 

2

 

 

 

 

(d) 
Pledge
of Collateral
. Each Obligor hereby pledges, assigns and grants to Collateral Trustee a security interest in the Shares, together
with all proceeds and substitutions thereof, all cash, stock and other moneys and property paid thereon, all rights to subscribe for
securities declared or granted in connection therewith, and all other cash and noncash proceeds of the foregoing, as security for the
performance of the Secured Obligations. On the Effective Date or to the extent any Shares pledged hereunder from time to time are or
become certificated and such Shares either (i) represent Equity Interests of a Subsidiary or (ii) have a value in excess of $50,000,
and in each case, the extent the same constitute Collateral, such certificates shall be delivered to Collateral Trustee, accompanied
by a stock power or other appropriate instrument of assignment duly executed in blank. To the extent required by the terms and conditions
governing the Equity Interests in which an Obligor has an interest, such Obligor shall cause the books of each Person whose Equity Interests
are part of the Collateral and any transfer agent to reflect the pledge of the Equity Interests. Upon the occurrence and during the continuation
of an Acceleration Event hereunder, Collateral Trustee may effect the transfer of any securities included in the Collateral (including
but not limited to the Equity Interests) into the name of Collateral Trustee and cause new certificates representing such securities
to be issued in the name of Collateral Trustee or its transferee. Each Obligor will execute and deliver such documents, and take or cause
to be taken such actions, as Holder may reasonably request to perfect or continue the perfection of Collateral Trustee’s security
interest in the Equity Interests. Each Obligor shall be entitled to exercise any voting rights with respect to the Equity Interests in
which it has an interest and to give consents, waivers and ratifications in respect thereof, unless following an Acceleration Event,
Collateral Trustee shall have given notice to Obligors suspending such rights, provided that: no such notice shall be required if an
Obligor has commenced an Insolvency Proceeding and, in any event, no vote shall be cast or consent, waiver or ratification given or action
taken which would be inconsistent with any of the terms of this Agreement or which would constitute or create any violation of any of
such terms. All such rights to vote and give consents, waivers and ratifications shall terminate upon the occurrence and during the continuation
of an Acceleration Event and the notification by Collateral Trustee to Obligors of the exercise of remedies in accordance with the terms
hereof.

 

(e) 
Further
Assurances
. From time to time, Obligors shall deliver such additional documents as Holder may reasonably request to perfect or protect
the security interest granted in accordance with the foregoing, including without limitation, IP Security Agreements and Account Control
Agreements with respect to any Collateral Accounts. Without at least ten (10) days prior written notice to Holder, no Obligor shall (i)
change its jurisdiction of organization, (ii) change its organizational structure, except in compliance with 
subsection (f)
 below,
(iii) change its legal name, or (iv) change its organizational number (if any) assigned by its jurisdiction of organization. Any collateral
security documents previously entered into or granted in favor of Collateral Trustee for the benefit of the Secured Parties to secure
the Secured Obligations (as defined in the Loan Agreement) shall continue in effect and secure the Secured Obligations.

 

(f) 
Joinder
of Obligors
. If any Obligor forms or acquires any direct or indirect Subsidiary, if at any time Subsidiaries that are not Obligors
will (i) maintain cash and other assets with an aggregate value for all such Foreign Subsidiaries in excess of 5.0% of the assets of
Parent and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, (ii) achieve revenue in excess of 5.0% of the revenues of Parent and its Subsidiaries,
on a consolidated basis, for any twelve month period then ended, or (iii) hold any Intellectual Property which is material to the business
of Parent and its Subsidiaries, as a whole, or (iv) be a party to any contracts which are material to the business of Parent and its
Subsidiaries, as a whole, Obligors shall cause such Subsidiaries to be joined as an Obligor under this Agreement, including to assume
the Secured Obligations, on a joint and several basis, and grant a lien on such Subsidiary’s assets consistent with the security
interest in the Collateral granted by Obligors herein, within fifteen days (or such other period as Holder may agree in writing), so
as to cause Subsidiaries that are not Obligors to no longer meet any of triggers in foregoing 
clauses (i) through (iv)
.

 

(g)

Appointment of Collateral Trustee
. Holder hereby appoints Collateral Trustee to act on behalf of Holder as collateral trustee
under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, and to hold and enforce any and all Liens on Collateral granted by any of the
Obligors to secure any of the Secured Obligations, all the terms of the Collateral Trust Agreement. The provisions of this 
subsection
(g)
 are solely for the benefit of Collateral Trustee and Holder and no Obligor nor any other Person shall have any rights as a third
party beneficiary of any of the provisions hereof. The Collateral Trustee may resign or be removed or replaced, and a successor Collateral
Trustee may be appointed in accordance with the terms and subject to the conditions of the Collateral Trust Agreement.

 

 

3

 

 

 

 

6. Representations
and Warranties
. Each Obligor represents and warrants as follows:

 

(a) 
Due
Authorization; Power and Authority
. The execution, delivery and performance by each Obligor of this Agreement and the other Transaction
Documents to which it is a party have been duly authorized, and do not (i) conflict with such Obligor’s Operating Documents or
other organizational documents, (ii) contravene, conflict with, constitute a default under or violate any material Requirement of Law,
(iii) contravene, conflict or violate any applicable material order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree, determination or award of any
Governmental Authority by which such Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their property or assets may be bound or affected,
(iv) require any action by, filing, registration, or qualification with, or Governmental Approval from, any Governmental Authority (except
such Governmental Approvals which have already been obtained and are in full force and effect), or (v) conflict with, contravene, constitute
a default or breach under, or result in or permit the termination or acceleration of, any material agreement by which such Obligor is
bound.

 

(b) 
Obligor
Information
. The information set forth in the disclosures and information with respect to each Obligor and each Subsidiary thereof
is true and accurate as of the Effective Date.

 

(c) 
Collateral
.
Each Obligor has good title to, rights in, and the power to transfer each item of the Collateral upon which it purports to grant a Lien
hereunder, free and clear of any and all Liens except Permitted Liens. Such Obligor has full power and authority to create a first lien
on the Shares and no disability or contractual obligation exists that would prohibit such Obligor from pledging the Shares pursuant to
this Agreement.

 

(d) 
[Reserved]

 

(e) 
Full
Disclosure
. No written representation, warranty or other statement of an Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries in any certificate or
written statement by or on behalf of an Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with this Agreement, as of the date such representation,
warranty, or other statement was made, taken together with all such written certificates and written statements given, contains any untrue
statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact necessary to make the statements contained in the certificates or statements
not materially misleading in light of the circumstances under which they were made (it being recognized that the projections and forecasts
provided by any Obligor in good faith and based upon reasonable assumptions are not viewed as facts and that actual results during the
period or periods covered by such projections and forecasts may differ from the projected or forecasted results).

 

7. Additional
Agreements
. Until the Discharge Date, Obligors shall comply with the following covenants:

 

(a) 
Reporting
and other Information
. Obligors shall provide Holder with reporting and notices as set forth on 
Schedule 2
 hereto.

 

(b) 
Contingent
Payment Events
. Obligors shall use commercially reasonable efforts to pursue and enter into transactions which result in the payment
of Contingent Payments, including without limitation, a Change in Control transaction, and with respect to Contingent Payment any Obligor
is entitled to, use commercially reasonable efforts to cause any conditions to payment to be met, and to enforce payment thereof, and
shall from time to time provide such updates and other information with respect to such efforts and any such prospective transactions
or contingent or pending Contingent Payments as Holder may reasonably request. Upon entering into any transaction resulting in a Contingent
Payment Event, Holder shall provide prompt notice thereof to Holder, together with copies of all material Transaction Documents, and
if requested, Obligors’ projections regarding anticipated payments and proceeds to be received and resulting Contingent Payment
Amounts and timeframes.

 

(c) 
Transfers
.
Obligors shall not, and shall not permit any Subsidiary to Transfer any of its assets (including Intellectual Property), except for Permitted
Transfers or as approved by the following sentence, in each case, subject to payment of any required Contingent Payment in connection
with any such Transfer, if any. With respect to Transfers of assets (including Intellectual Property) of any Obligor, including entering
into any commitment or granting of any option or other contingent right by an Obligor a future Transfer of such assets, the terms and
conditions of any transaction resulting in a Contingent Payment Event that involves the Transfer of shall be subject to Holder’s
prior review and approval, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld. In evaluating any request for review and approval of a proposed
Transfer in connection with a dissolution or winding up transaction of any Obligor duly approved by the Board of such Obligor, Holder
shall give due consideration to circumstances of the proposed Transfer, including without limitation, available liquidity reserves and
projected cash needs for continued operations.

 

 

4

 

 

 

 

(d) 
Senior
or Pari Passu Indebtedness
. Except for the Bridge Loan Obligations, Obligors shall not, and shall not permit any Subsidiary, to create,
incur, assume, or be liable for any Indebtedness for borrowed money that would rank senior or pari passu in right of payment or security
interest to the Secured Obligations unless such Indebtedness is subordinated to the Secured Obligations on terms reasonably acceptable
to Secured Parties.

 

(e) 
Liens
.
Obligors shall not, and shall not permit any Subsidiary, to create, incur, allow, or suffer any Lien on any of its property, except for
Permitted Liens, or otherwise permit any Collateral not to be subject to the first priority security interest granted herein, except
in connection with Permitted Liens, or in connection with a transaction that results in the substantially concurrent payment of the Remaining
Value at closing.

 

(f) 
Change
in Organizational Structure
. No Obligor shall enter into any merger, consolidation, or other corporate reorganization, form a new
holding company, or make any other similar change that could adversely affect the Lien on the Collateral granted pursuant hereto or Secured
Parties rights and remedies with respect thereto, as determined by Secured Parties, without prior written consent by Secured Parties.

 

8. Acceleration
Events
. Upon the occurrence and continuation of any of the following events (each an “
Acceleration Event
”), the
Remaining Value shall, at the election of Holder, be due and payable, provided that upon the occurrence and continuation of the Acceleration
Event described in 
Section 8(c)
 hereof, the Remaining Value shall automatically be deemed accelerated and due and payable in full.

 

(a) 
Payment
Default
. Any Obligor fails to pay any Secured Obligations when due.

 

(b) 
Certain
Defaults
. An Obligor violates any covenant in 
Section 7(c) (
Transfers
)
, 
Section 7(d) (
Senior or Pari Passu Indebtedness
)
,

Section 7(e) (
Liens
)
, or 
Section 7(f) (
Change in Organizational Structure
)
.

 

(c) 
Insolvency
Proceedings
. (i) The adoption by the Board of a resolution approving the filing by the applicable Obligor of a voluntary petition
for relief under either chapter 11 or chapter 7 of title 11 of the United States Code (other than as approved by Administrative Agent
pursuant to the Bridge Loan Agreement), (ii) an Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries begins an Insolvency Proceeding (other than as approved
by Administrative Agent pursuant to the Bridge Loan Agreement); or (iii) an Insolvency Proceeding is begun against an Obligor or any
of its Subsidiaries and is not dismissed or stayed within thirty (30) days.

 

(d) 
Other
Agreements
. There is, under any agreement to which an Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries is a party with a third party or parties,
(a) any default (after giving effect to any applicable cure or grace periods) resulting in a right by such third party or parties, whether
or not exercised, to accelerate the maturity of any Indebtedness in an amount individually or in the aggregate in excess of $250,000;
(b) any event of default occurs pursuant to the Bridge Loan Agreement; or (c) any breach or default by an Obligor or a Subsidiary of
such Obligor, the result of which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

 

(e) 
Impairment
of Security
. There is any material impairment in the perfection or priority of the Lien in the Collateral in favor of Collateral
Trustee granted hereunder, in each case, other than as a result of the granting of Permitted Liens.

 

 

5

 

 

 

 

9. Rights
and Remedies upon Acceleration Event

 

(a) 
Acceleration
.
Upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Acceleration Event, Holder, is entitled, without notice or demand, to declare all
Secured Obligations immediately due and payable (but if an Acceleration Event described in 
Section 8(c)
 hereof occurs all Secured
Obligations are immediately due and payable without any action by Holder).

 

(b) 
Remedies
.
Upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Acceleration Event, Collateral Trustee is entitled, solely at the direction of
Holder, subject to the terms of the Collateral Trust Agreement, without notice or demand, to do any or all of the following, to the extent
not prohibited by applicable law:

 

(i) verify
the amount of, demand payment of and performance under, and collect any Accounts and General Intangibles, settle or adjust disputes and
claims directly with Account Debtors for amounts on terms and in any order that Holder may determine is advisable, and notify any Person
owing an Obligor money of Collateral Trustee’s security interest in such funds;

 

(ii) make
any payments and do any acts it considers necessary or reasonable to protect the Collateral and/or its security interest in the Collateral;

 

(iii) ratably
apply to the Secured Obligations any amount held by Collateral Trustee owing to or for the credit or the account of an Obligor;

 

(iv) ship,
reclaim, recover, store, finish, maintain, repair, prepare for sale, advertise for sale, and sell the Collateral;

 

(v) deliver
a notice of exclusive control, any entitlement order, or other directions or instructions pursuant to any Account Control Agreement;

 

(vi) demand
and receive possession of any Obligor’s Books; and

 

(vii) exercise
all rights and remedies available to Collateral Trustee under the Transaction Documents or at law or equity, including all remedies provided
under the Code (including disposal of the Collateral pursuant to the terms thereof).

 

Obligors
shall assemble the Collateral if Collateral Trustee requests and make it available as Collateral Trustee designates. Collateral Trustee
may enter premises where the Collateral is located, take and maintain possession of any part of the Collateral, and pay, purchase, contest,
or compromise any Lien which appears to be prior or superior to its security interest and pay all expenses incurred. Each Obligor grants
Collateral Trustee a license to enter and occupy any of its premises, without charge, to exercise any of Collateral Trustee’s rights
or remedies. Collateral Trustee is hereby granted a non-exclusive, royalty-free license or other right to use, without charge, an Obligor’s
labels, Patents, Copyrights, mask works, rights of use of any name, trade secrets, trade names, Trademarks, and advertising matter, or
any similar property as it pertains to the Collateral, in completing production of, advertising for sale, and selling any Collateral
and, in connection with Collateral Trustee’s exercise of its rights under this Section, an Obligor’s rights under all licenses
and all franchise agreements inure to Collateral Trustee’s benefit. If, after the acceleration of the Secured Obligations, an Obligor
receives proceeds of Collateral, such Obligor shall deliver such proceeds to Collateral Trustee, for the benefit of Holder, to be applied
to the Secured Obligations.

 

(c) 
Power
of Attorney
. Each Obligor hereby irrevocably appoints Collateral Trustee (and any of Collateral Trustee’s partners, managers,
officers, agents or employees) as its lawful attorney-in-fact, with full power of substitution, exercisable upon the occurrence and during
the continuation of an Acceleration Event, to: (a) send requests for verification of Accounts or notify Account Debtors of Collateral
Trustee’s security interest and Liens in the Collateral; (b) endorse such Obligor’s name on any checks or other forms of
payment or security; (c) sign such Obligor’s name on any invoice or bill of lading for any Account or drafts against Account Debtors
schedules and assignments of Accounts, verifications of Accounts, and notices to Account Debtors; (d) settle and adjust disputes and
claims about the Accounts directly with Account Debtors, for amounts and on terms Holder or Collateral Trustee determine reasonable;
(e) make, settle, and adjust all claims under such Obligor’s insurance policies; (f) pay, contest or settle any Lien, charge, encumbrance,
security interest, and adverse claim in or to the Collateral, or any judgment based thereon, or otherwise take any action to terminate
or discharge the same; (g) transfer the Collateral into the name of Collateral Trustee or a third party as the Code permits; and (h)
dispose of the Collateral. Each Obligor further hereby appoints Collateral Trustee (and any of Collateral Trustee’s partners, managers,
officers, agents or employees) as its lawful attorney-in-fact, with full power of substitution, regardless of whether or not an Acceleration
Event has occurred or is continuing to: (i) sign such Obligor’s name on any documents and other Security Instruments necessary
to perfect or continue the perfection of, or maintain the priority of, Collateral Trustee’s security interest in the Collateral,
(ii) take all such actions which such Obligor is required, but fails to do under the covenants and provisions of the Transaction Documents;
(iii) take any and all such actions as Collateral Trustee may reasonably determine to be necessary or advisable for the purpose of maintaining,
preserving or protecting the Collateral or any of the rights, remedies, powers or privileges of Collateral Trustee under this Agreement
or the other Transaction Documents. Collateral Trustee’s foregoing appointment as each Obligor’s attorney in fact, and all
of Collateral Trustee’s rights and powers, coupled with an interest, are irrevocable until the Discharge Date.

 

 

6

 

 

 

 

(d) 
Application
of Payments and Proceeds Upon Acceleration Event
. If an Acceleration Event has occurred and is continuing, Collateral Trustee shall
have the right to apply in any order any funds in its possession, whether payments, proceeds realized as the result of any collection
of Accounts or other disposition of the Collateral, or otherwise, to the Secured Obligations, for the benefit of Holder. Collateral Trustee
shall pay any surplus to Obligors by credit to the Deposit Account designated by Obligors or as directed by a court of competent jurisdiction.
Obligors shall remain liable to Collateral Trustee and Holder for any deficiency. If Collateral Trustee, as directed by Holder in Holder’s
good faith business judgment, directly or indirectly, enters into a deferred payment or other credit transaction with any purchaser at
any sale of Collateral, Collateral Trustee may, at the direction of Holder, either reduce the Secured Obligations by the principal amount
of the purchase price or defer the reduction of the Secured Obligations until the actual receipt by Collateral Trustee of cash or immediately
available funds therefor.

 

(e) 
Collateral
Trustee’s Liability for Collateral
. So long as Collateral Trustee accords treatment to the Collateral in its possession substantially
equal to the treatment which it accords its own property, Collateral Trustee shall not be liable or responsible for: (i) the safekeeping
of the Collateral; (ii) any loss or damage to the Collateral; (iii) any diminution in the value of the Collateral; or (iv) any act or
default of any carrier, warehouseman, bailee, or other Person. Obligors bear all risk of loss, damage or destruction of the Collateral.

 

(f) 
No
Waiver; Remedies Cumulative
. Any failure by Holder or Collateral Trustee, at any time or times, to require strict performance by
each Obligor of any provision of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document shall not waive, affect, or diminish any right of Holder
or Collateral Trustee thereafter to demand strict performance and compliance herewith or therewith. Secured Parties’ rights and
remedies under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents are cumulative. Secured Parties have all rights and remedies provided
under the Code, by law, or in equity. Any Secured Party’s exercise of one right or remedy is not an election and shall not preclude
any Secured Party from exercising any other remedy under this Agreement or other remedy available at law or in equity, and any waiver
of any Acceleration Event is not a continuing waiver. Any delay in exercising any remedy is not a waiver, election, or acquiescence.

Demand Waiver
. Each Obligor waives presentment, demand, notice of default or dishonor, notice of payment and nonpayment, release,
compromise, settlement, extension, or renewal of accounts, documents, instruments or chattel paper.

 

(g) 
Shares
.
Each Obligor recognizes that Collateral Trustee may be unable to effect a public sale of any or all the Shares, by reason of certain
prohibitions contained in federal securities laws and applicable state securities laws or otherwise, and may be compelled to resort to
one or more private sales thereof to a restricted group of purchasers which will be obliged to agree, among other things, to acquire
such securities for their own account for investment and not with a view to the distribution or resale thereof. Each Obligor acknowledges
and agrees that any such private sale may result in prices and other terms less favorable than if such sale were a public sale and, notwithstanding
such circumstances, agrees that any such private sale shall be deemed to have been made in a commercially reasonable manner. Collateral
Trustee shall be under no obligation to delay a sale of any of the Shares for the period of time necessary to permit the issuer thereof
to register such securities for public sale under federal securities laws or under applicable state securities laws, even if such issuer
would agree to do so.

 

 

7

 

 

 

 

10. [Reserved]

 

11. Termination;
Release of Collateral
. This Agreement shall remain effective until the payment of Contingent Payments in an amount equal to the Remaining
Value, as of the applicable date of determination, and all other Secured Obligations then due (other than contingent indemnification
obligations as to which no claim has been asserted or is known to exist and any other obligations which, by their terms, are to survive
the termination of this Agreement) (the “
Discharge Date
”). On the Discharge Date, this Agreement (except for any provisions
that expressly survive the termination of this Agreement in accordance with the respective terms) and the security interest granted pursuant
hereto shall terminate, and Holder shall direct Collateral Trustee to deliver evidence of the release of Collateral. Any security interest
in any Collateral will be released automatically in connection with a Transfer of the Collateral in a Permitted Transfer or approved
by Holder in accordance with 
Section 7(c)
 hereof, and in each case, otherwise in compliance with this Agreement. Upon written
request by the Obligors, Holder shall direct Collateral Trustee to deliver evidence of the release of the assets subject to such Permitted
Transfer or other Transfer approved by Holder in accordance with 
Section 7(c)
 hereof. Any such release in accordance with this

Section 11
 shall be without recourse to or representation or warranty by Collateral Trustee of any kind.

 

12. Miscellaneous.

 

(a) 
Choice
of Law; Venue; Jury Trial Waiver
. Except as otherwise expressly provided in any of the Transaction Documents, this Agreement and
the other Transaction Documents shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York without regard
to principles of conflicts of law. Each party hereto hereby submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the State and Federal courts in
New York County, City of New York, New York; 
provided
, 
however
, that nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to operate
to preclude Collateral Trustee from bringing suit or taking other legal action in any other jurisdiction to realize on the Collateral
or any other security for the Secured Obligations, or to enforce a judgment or other court order in favor of Holder or Collateral Trustee.
Each party hereto expressly submits and consents in advance to such jurisdiction in any action or suit commenced in any such court, and
each party hereto waives any objection that it may have based upon lack of personal jurisdiction, improper venue, or forum non conveniens
and hereby consents to the granting of such legal or equitable relief as is deemed appropriate by such court. Each party hereto waives
personal service of the summons, complaints, and other process issued in such action or suit and agrees that service of such summons,
complaints, and other process may be made by registered or certified mail addressed to such party at the address set forth in, or subsequently
provided by such party in accordance with, 
Section 10
 and that service so made shall be deemed completed upon the earlier to occur
of such party’s actual receipt thereof or three (3) Business Days after deposit in the U.S. mails, proper postage prepaid. Each
party hereto hereby expressly waives any claim to assert that the laws of any other jurisdiction govern this Agreement.

 

TO
THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO EACH WAIVE THEIR RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE
OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR BASED UPON THIS AGREEMENT, THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS OR ANY CONTEMPLATED TRANSACTION, INCLUDING CONTRACT,
TORT, BREACH OF DUTY AND ALL OTHER CLAIMS. THIS WAIVER IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT FOR THE PARTIES TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT. NOTWITHSTANDING
ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED IN THIS AGREEMENT OR ANYWHERE ELSE, EACH PARTY HERETO AGREES THAT IT SHALL NOT SEEK FROM ANY OTHER
PARTY UNDER ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY (INCLUDING ANY THEORY IN TORTS), ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES. EACH PARTY
HERETO HAS REVIEWED THIS WAIVER WITH ITS COUNSEL.

 

This

Section 12(a)
 shall survive the termination of this Agreement.

 

(b) 
Amendments
in Writing; Waiver; Integration
. No purported amendment or modification of this Agreement shall be effective except, pursuant to
an agreement in writing by the parties hereto, provided that Collateral Trustee’s approval shall not be required for any amendment
or supplement that has the effect solely of (i) adding or maintaining Collateral, securing additional Secured Obligations that are otherwise
permitted by the terms of this Agreement to be secured by the Collateral or preserving, perfecting or establishing the priority of the
Liens thereon or the rights of Collateral Trustee therein; (ii) curing any ambiguity, defect or inconsistency; (iii) providing for the
assumption of the Secured Obligations by any successor or joinder of any new Obligor, as applicable; (iv) making any change that would
provide any additional rights or benefits to the Secured Parties or make any other change that does not adversely affect the legal rights
under this Agreement of Collateral Trustee; or (v) to the extent the Collateral Trust Agreement does not require Collateral Trustee’s
approval to such amendment or modification. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, no oral promise or statement, nor any action,
inaction, delay, failure to require performance or course of conduct shall operate as, or evidence, an amendment, supplement or waiver
or have any other effect on the Secured Obligations or otherwise on the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Any waiver granted shall
be limited to the specific circumstance expressly described in it, and shall not apply to any subsequent or other circumstance, whether
similar or dissimilar, or give rise to, or evidence, any obligation or commitment to grant any further waiver. This Agreement represents
the entire agreement about this subject matter and supersede prior negotiations or agreements. All prior agreements, understandings,
representations, warranties, and negotiations among the parties about the subject matter of the Transaction Documents merge into the
Transaction Documents.

 

 

8

 

 

 

 

(c) 
Notices.

All notices, consents, requests, approvals, demands, or other communication by any party to this Agreement must be in writing and
shall be deemed to have been validly served, given, or delivered: (i) upon the earlier of actual receipt and three (3) Business Days
after deposit in the U.S. mail, first class, registered or certified mail return receipt requested, with proper postage prepaid; (ii)
upon confirmation of receipt, when sent by electronic mail transmission; (iii) one (1) Business Day after deposit with a reputable overnight
courier with all charges prepaid; or (iv) when delivered, if hand-delivered by messenger, all of which shall be addressed to the party
to be notified and sent to the address, or email address on the signature page of such party hereto. The parties hereto may change their
respective mailing or electronic mail addresses by giving the other party written notice thereof in accordance with the terms of this

subsection (c)
.

 

(d) 
Confidentiality
.
In handling any confidential information, Holder and Collateral Trustee agree to exercise the same degree of care that it exercises for
its own proprietary information, but disclosure of information may be made: (i) to its Subsidiaries or Affiliates; (ii) to prospective
transferees or purchasers of any rights under this Agreement so long as such parties are bound by confidentiality terms consistent in
all material respects with the terms hereof; (iii) as required by law, regulation, subpoena, or other order and in connection with reporting
obligations applicable to Holder or Collateral Trustee, including pursuant to the Exchange Act, (iv) to Holder or Collateral Trustee’s
regulators or as otherwise required in connection with any examination or audit; ( v) as Holder or Collateral Trustee considers reasonably
appropriate in connection with the exercise of remedies with respect to the Secured Obligations; and (vi) to third-party service providers
of Holder or Collateral Trustee so long as such service providers are bound by confidentiality terms not more permissive than the terms
hereof. Confidential information does not include information that is either: (A) in the public domain or in Holder or Collateral Trustee’s
possession when disclosed to Holder or Collateral Trustee, as applicable, or becomes part of the public domain (other than as a result
of its disclosure by Holder or Collateral Trustee in violation of this Agreement) after disclosure to Holder or Collateral Trustee, as
applicable; or (B) disclosed to Holder or Collateral Trustee by a third party, if Holder or Collateral Trustee, as applicable, does not
know that the third party is prohibited from disclosing the information. The provisions of this paragraph shall survive the termination
of this Agreement.

 

(e) 
Publicity
.
Neither party hereto shall publicize or use the other party’s name or logo, or hyperlink to such other parties’ website,
describe the relationship of the parties or the transaction contemplated by this Agreement, in written and oral presentations, advertising,
promotional and marketing materials, client lists, public relations materials or on its web site (together, the “
Publicity Materials
”)
without prior written notice to the party that is the subject of the proposed Publicity Materials, together with a draft (or, if Publicity
Materials are not proposed to be delivered in written form, an outline of the content to be included) so as to provide such subject party
a reasonable opportunity to review prior to publication, and each party agrees, in connection with any Publicity Materials proposed by
such party to reasonably consider requested changes or corrections requested by the party that is the subject of such Publicity Materials
in good faith, and upon request, to provide the final form prior to publication or other dissemination.

 

(f) 
Severability
.
The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement in any jurisdiction shall not affect the validity or enforceability
of such provision in any other jurisdiction, or affect any other provision of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect.

 

(g) 
Entire
Agreement; Modification
. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties pertaining to the subject matter contained
in it and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements, representations, and undertakings of the parties, whether oral or written,
with respect to such subject matter.

 

 

9

 

 

 

 

(h) 
Successors
and Assigns
. This Agreement binds and is for the benefit of the successors and permitted assigns of each party, provided that no
Obligor may transfer or assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations under it without the prior written consent of Secured Parties.
Holder has the right, without the consent of or notice to any Obligor, to sell, transfer, assign, pledge, negotiate, or grant participation
in all or any part of, or any interest in, Holder’s obligations, rights, and benefits under this Agreement.

 

(i) 
No
Impairment
. No Obligor shall not by any action including, without limitation, by amending its organizational documents, any reorganization,
transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid
the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Agreement, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of
all such terms and in the taking of all such action as may be necessary or appropriate to protect the rights of Secured Parties hereunder
against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Obligors will obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents
from any third party or any Governmental Authority as may be necessary to enable Obligors to perform their obligations under this Agreement.

 

(j) 
Captions
.
The headings used in this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement.

 

(k) 
Construction
of Agreement
. The parties mutually acknowledge that they and their attorneys have participated in the preparation and negotiation
of this Agreement. In cases of uncertainty this Agreement shall be construed without regard to which of the parties caused the uncertainty
to exist.

 

(l) 
Relationship
.
The relationship of the parties to this Agreement is determined solely by the provisions of this Agreement. Except to the extent set
forth herein, the parties do not intend to create any agency, partnership, joint venture, trust, fiduciary or other relationship with
duties or incidents different from those of parties to an arm’s-length contract.

 

(m) 
Third
Parties
. Nothing in this Agreement, whether express or implied, is intended to: (a) confer any benefits, rights or remedies under
or by reason of this Agreement on any persons other than the express parties to it and their respective permitted successors and assigns;
(b) relieve or discharge the obligation or liability of any person not an express party to this Agreement; or (c) give any person not
an express party to this Agreement any right of subrogation or action against any party to this Agreement.

 

(n) 
Appointment
of Collateral Trustee
. Holder hereby appoints Collateral Trustee to act on behalf of Holder as collateral trustee under this
Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, and to hold and enforce any and all Liens on Collateral granted by any of the
Obligors to secure any of the Secured Obligations, all in accordance with the terms of the Collateral Trust Agreement. The
provisions of this 
subsection (n)
 are solely for the benefit of Collateral Trustee and Holder, and no Obligor nor any other
Person shall have any rights as a third party beneficiary of any of the provisions hereof. The Collateral Trustee may resign or be
removed or replaced, and a successor Collateral Trustee may be appointed in accordance with the terms and subject to the conditions
of the Collateral Trust Agreement.

 

(o) 
Payment
of Secured Party Expenses
. Obligors shall pay all Secured Party Expenses within ten (10) Business Days after demand by Holder.

 

(p) 
Out-Of-Court
Dissolution or Wind Down
. For the avoidance of doubt, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any Transaction
Document, in no event shall any out-of-court dissolution or wind down be prohibited.

 

(q) 
Counterparts;
Electronic Execution of Documents
. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties on separate
counterparts, each of which, when executed and delivered, is an original, and all taken together, constitute one Agreement. The words
“execution,” “signed,” “signature” and words of like import shall be deemed to include electronic
signatures or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity and enforceability
as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping systems, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided
for in any applicable law, including, without limitation, any state law based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. Delivery of
an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Agreement by electronic means including by email delivery of a “.pdf”
format data file shall be effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart of this Agreement.

 

[REMAINDER
of Page Intentionally Left Blank]

 

 

10

 

 

 

 

[SIGNATURE
PAGE TO AMENDED AND RESTATED 
secured contingent value right
 AGREEMENT]

 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be executed by its officers thereunto duly authorized.

 

 

 

OBLIGORS:

 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 

Molecular Templates Opco, Inc.

 
 

 

Address for Notices
:

Molecular Templates, Inc.

 

 
 

 
 

 

9301 Amberglen Blvd, Suite 100

 

 

By

 

/s/
 Craig Jalbert

 
 

 

Austin, TX 78729

 

 

Name:

 

Craig
 Jalbert

 

 
 

 

Attention: Chief Executive Officer

 

 

Title:

 

Chief
 Executive Officer

 
 

 

Email: adam.cutler@mtem.com

 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 

Molecular Templates, Inc.

 
 

 

With a copy not constituting notice:

MORRIS, NICHOLS, ARHST &

TUNNELL, LLP

 

 

By

 

/s/
 Craig Jalbert

 
 

 

1201 North Market Street, 16
th
 Floor

 

 

Name:

 

Craig
 Jalbert

 

 
 

 

Wilmington, DE 19801

 

 

Title:

 

Chief
 Executive Officer

 
 

 
Attention:
 

 

Tarik J. Haskins

 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
Eric
 Schwartz

 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
Email:
 

 

thaskins@morrisnichols.com

 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
eschwartz@morrisnichols.com

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

[SIGNATURE
PAGE TO AMENDED AND RESTATED 
secured contingent value right AGREEMENT
]

 

 
COLLATERAL TRUSTEE:

 
 

 

Notice for Addresses:

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
ANKURA TRUST COMPANY, LLC

 
 

 
ANKURA TRUST COMPANY, LLC

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
140 Sherman Street, Fourth Floor

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
Fairfield, CT 06824

 
By

 

/s/ Beth Micena

 
 

 
Attention: Beth Micena

 
Name:

 
Beth Micena

 
 

 
Email: Beth.Micena@ankura.com

 
Title:

 
Managing Director

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
With a copy not constituting notice, to:

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
ROPES & GRAY LLP

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
10250 Constellation Boulevard

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
Los Angeles, CA 90067

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
Attention: Jennifer Harris

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
Email: Jennifer.Harris@ropesgray.com

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

[SIGNATURE
PAGE TO AMENDED AND RESTATED 
secured contingent value right AGREEMENT
]

  

 

HOLDER
:

 
 

 

Address for Notices:

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
K2 HEALTHVENTURES LLC

 
 

 
K2 HEALTHVENTURES LLC

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
855 Boylston Street, 10th Floor

 

 
 

 
 

 
Boston, MA 02116

 
By

 

/s/ Ben Bang

 
 

 
Email: finance@k2hv.com;

 
Name:

 
Ben Bang

 
 

 
parag@k2hv.com; derek@k2hv.com;

 
Title:

 
General Counsel

 
 

 
bbang@k2hv.com

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

With a copy not constituting notice:

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
Sidley Austin LLP

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
1001 Page Mill Road, Bldg. 1

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
Palo Alto, CA 94304

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
Attention: Cynthia Bai

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
Email: 
cbai@sidley.com

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Exhibit
A

Defined
Terms

 

As
used in this Agreement, the following capitalized terms have the following meanings:

 

“
Acceleration
Event
” has the meaning set forth in 
Section 8
.

 

“
Account
”
means any “account” as defined in the Code with such additions to such term as may hereafter be made, and includes, without
limitation, all accounts receivable and other sums owing to an Obligor.

 

“
Account
Control Agreement
” means any control agreement entered into among the depository institution at which an Obligor maintains
a Deposit Account or the securities intermediary or commodity intermediary at which an Obligor maintains a Securities Account or a Commodity
Account, one or more Obligors, and Collateral Trustee pursuant to which Collateral Trustee, for the benefit of Secured Parties, obtains
control (within the meaning of the Code) over such Deposit Account, Securities Account, or Commodity Account.

 

“
Account
Debtor
” means any “account debtor” as defined in the Code with such additions to such term as may hereafter be
made.

 

“
Affiliate
”
means, with respect to any Person, each other Person that owns or controls, directly or indirectly, more than 10% of the Equity Interests
of the Person, any Person that controls or is controlled by or is under common control with the Person, and each of that Person’s
senior executive officers, directors, partners and, for any Person that is a limited liability company, that Person’s managers
and members.

 

“
Agreement

has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement.”

 

“
Board
”
means, with respect to any Person, the board of directors, board of managers, managers or other similar bodies or authorities performing
similar governing functions for such Person.

 

“
Books
”
are all of each applicable Obligor’s books and records including ledgers, federal and state tax returns, records regarding such
Obligor’s assets or liabilities, the Collateral, business operations or financial condition, and all computer programs or storage
or any equipment containing such information.

 

“
Bridge
Loan Agreement
” means that certain Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of the Effective Date, by and among Obligors, K2,
as Administrative Agent, the lenders party thereto and Collateral Trustee, as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from
time to time.

 

“
Bridge
Loan Obligations
” means the obligations pursuant to the Bridge Loan Agreement.

 

“
Business
Day
” means any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which commercial banks in the State of New York are required
or permitted to be closed.

 

“
Change
in Control
” means any of the following (or any combination of the following) whether arising from any single transaction event
or series of related transactions or events that, individually or in the aggregate, result in: (a) the holders of Parent’s Equity
Interests who were holders of Equity Interest immediately prior to a given transaction, ceasing to own at least fifty-one percent (51%)
of the Voting Stock of Parent following such transaction; (b) any “person” or “group” (within the meaning of
Section 13(d) and 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act) becoming the “beneficial owner” (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange
Act), directly or indirectly, of a sufficient number of Equity Interests of Parent ordinarily entitled to vote in the election of directors,
empowering such “person” or “group” to elect a majority of the members of the Board of Parent, who did not have
such power before such transaction, in each case of 
clauses (a) and (b)
, (c) the Transfer of all or substantially all assets of
Obligors; or (d) Parent ceasing to own and control, free and clear of any Liens (other than Permitted Liens), directly or indirectly,
all of the Equity Interests in Opco or failing to have the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of Opco.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

“
Claim
”
has the meaning set forth in 
Section 2
 hereof.

 

“
Code
”
means the Uniform Commercial Code, as the same may, from time to time, be enacted and in effect in the State of New York; provided, that,
to the extent that the Code is used to define any term herein or in any Transaction Document and such term is defined differently in
different Articles or Divisions of the Code, the definition of such term contained in Article or Division 9 shall govern; provided further,
that in the event that, by reason of mandatory provisions of law, any or all of the attachment, perfection, or priority of, or remedies
with respect to, Collateral Trustee’s Lien on any Collateral is governed by the Uniform Commercial Code in effect in a jurisdiction
other than the State of New York, the term “
Code
” shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code as enacted and in effect
in such other jurisdiction solely for purposes of the provisions thereof relating to such attachment, perfection, priority, or remedies
and for purposes of definitions relating to such provisions.

 

“
Collateral
”
means any and all properties, rights and assets of each Obligor described on 
Exhibit B
 hereto, and any collateral securing the
Secured Obligations pursuant to any other Transaction Document.

 

“
Collateral
Account
” means any Deposit Account, Securities Account, or Commodity Account of a Loan Party.

 

“
Collateral
Trust Agreement
” means that certain Collateral Trust Agreement, dated as of May 21, 2020, by and among Collateral Trustee and
the other Secured Parties party thereto, as amended the date hereof and as further amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented
or modified from time to time.

 

“
Collateral
Trustee
” has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement.

 

“
Contingent
Obligation
” means, for any Person, any direct or indirect liability, contingent or not, of that Person for (a) any indebtedness,
lease, dividend, letter of credit or other obligation of another such as an obligation, in each case, directly or indirectly guaranteed,
endorsed, co-made, discounted or sold with recourse by that Person, or for which that Person is directly or indirectly liable; (b) any
obligations for undrawn letters of credit for the account of that Person; and (c) all obligations from any interest rate, currency or
commodity swap agreement, interest rate cap or collar agreement, or other agreement or arrangement designated to protect a Person against
fluctuation in interest rates, currency exchange rates or commodity prices. The amount of a Contingent Obligation is the stated or determined
amount of the primary obligation for which the Contingent Obligation is made or, if not determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated
liability for it determined by the Person in good faith; but the amount may not exceed the maximum of the obligations under any guarantee
or other support arrangement.

 

“
Contingent
Payment
” has the meaning set forth on 
Section 3
 hereof.

 

“
Contingent
Payment Amount
” means, with respect to each Contingent Payment Event, the amount specified on 
Schedule 1
 corresponding
to such Contingent Payment Event.

 

“
Contingent
Payment Event
” means each of the events described on 
Schedule 1
 hereto, with respect to any Obligor or any Subsidiary
thereof.

 

“
Contingent
Value
” shall mean, collectively, the sum of the Contingent Payments payable as set forth in 
Section 3
 hereof.

 

“
Copyrights
”
means any and all copyright rights, copyright applications, copyright registrations and like protections of a Person in each work of
authorship and derivative work thereof, whether published or unpublished and whether or not the same also constitutes a trade secret.

 

“
Deposit
Account
” means any “deposit account” as defined in the Code with such additions to such term as may hereafter be
made, and includes any checking account, savings account or certificate of deposit.

 

“
Discharge
Date
” has the meaning set forth in 
Section 11
 hereof.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

“
Dollars

,
”
“
dollars
” or use of the sign “
$
” means only lawful money of the United States and not any other
currency, regardless of whether that currency uses the “$” sign to denote its currency or may be readily converted into lawful
money of the United States.

 

“
Effective
Date
” has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement.

 

“
Equipment
”
means all “equipment” as defined in the Code with such additions to such term as may hereafter be made, and includes without
limitation all machinery, fixtures, goods, vehicles (including motor vehicles and trailers), and any interest in any of the foregoing.

 

“
Equity
Interests
” means, with respect to any Person, any of the shares of capital stock of (or other ownership, membership or profit
interests in) such Person, any of the warrants, options or other rights for the purchase or acquisition from such Person of shares of
capital stock of (or other ownership, membership or profit interests in) such Person, any of the securities convertible into or exchangeable
for shares of capital stock of (or other ownership, membership or profit interests in) such Person or warrants, rights or options for
the purchase or acquisition from such Person of such shares (or such other interests), and any of the other ownership, membership or
profit interests in such Person (including partnership, member or trust interests therein), whether voting or nonvoting, and whether
or not such shares, warrants, options, rights or other interests are outstanding on any date of determination.

 

“
ERISA
”
means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, and its regulations.

 

“
Exchange
Act
” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

 

“
Foreign
Subsidiary
” means a Subsidiary other than a Subsidiary organized under the laws of the United States or any state or territory
thereof.

 

“
GAAP
”
means generally accepted accounting principles set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board of the
American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board or in
such other statements by such other Person as may be approved by a significant segment of the accounting profession, which are applicable
to the circumstances as of the date of determination, provided, however, that if there occurs after the Effective Date any change in
GAAP that affects in any respect the calculation of any threshold or other amount in this Agreement, Holder and Obligors shall negotiate
in good faith amendments to the provisions of this Agreement that relate to the calculation of such covenant or threshold with the intent
of having the respective positions of Holder and Obligors after such change in GAAP conform as nearly as possible to their respective
positions as of the Effective Date, and, until any such amendments have been agreed upon, such covenants and thresholds shall be calculated
as if no such change in GAAP has occurred.

 

“
General
Intangibles
” means all “general intangibles” as defined in the Code in effect on the Effective Date with such additions
to such term as may hereafter be made, and includes without limitation, all Intellectual Property, claims, income and other tax refunds,
security and other deposits, payment intangibles, contract rights, options to purchase or sell real or personal property, rights in all
litigation presently or hereafter pending (whether in contract, tort or otherwise), insurance policies (including without limitation
key man, property damage, and business interruption insurance), payments of insurance and rights to payment of any kind.

 

“
Governmental
Approval
” means any consent, authorization, approval, order, license, franchise, permit, certificate, accreditation, registration,
filing or notice, of, issued by, from or to, or other act by or in respect of, any Governmental Authority.

 

“
Governmental
Authority
” means any nation or government, any state or other political subdivision thereof, any agency, authority, instrumentality,
regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative
functions of or pertaining to government, any securities exchange and any self-regulatory organization.

 

“
Holder
”
has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

“
Indebtedness
”
means, without duplication, (a) indebtedness for borrowed money or the deferred price of property or services (other than accounts payable
in the Ordinary Course of Business not more than sixty (60) days past due), (b) any reimbursement and other obligations for surety bonds
and letters of credit, (c) obligations evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or similar instruments, (d) capital lease obligations, and
(e) Contingent Obligations, provided that “Indebtedness” shall not include (x) accrued expenses, deferred rent, deferred
taxes, deferred compensation or customary obligations under employment agreements, (y) obligations with respect to operating leases which
have been reclassified as capital leases due to changes in GAAP or (z) Contingent Obligations with respect to operating leases or leases
of real property in the ordinary course of businesses. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Indebtedness of any Person shall include the
Indebtedness of any other entity (including a partnership in which such Person is a general partner) solely to the extent such Person
is liable therefore as a result of such Persons’ ownership interest in or other relationship with such entity.

 

“
Insolvency
Proceeding
” means any proceeding by or against any Person under the United States Bankruptcy Code, or any other bankruptcy
or insolvency law, including assignments for the benefit of creditors, compositions, or proceedings seeking reorganization, arrangement,
or other similar relief, but, in each case, excluding a dissolution or other winding up transaction duly approved by the Board.

 

“
Intellectual
Property
” means, with respect to any Obligor (or, as applicable, any of its Subsidiaries), all of such Obligor’s or Subsidiary’s
right, title, and interest in and to the following:

 

(a) its
Copyrights, Trademarks and Patents;

 

(b) any
and all trade secrets and trade secret rights, including, without limitation, any rights to unpatented inventions, know-how, operating
manuals;

 

(c) any
and all source code;

 

(d) any
and all design rights which may be available to such Person;

 

(e) any
and all claims for damages by way of past, present and future infringement of any of the foregoing, with the right, but not the obligation,
to sue for and collect such damages for said use or infringement of the Intellectual Property rights identified above; and

 

(f) all
amendments, renewals and extensions of any of the Copyrights, Trademarks or Patents.

 

“
Inventory
”
means all “inventory” as defined in the Code in effect on the Effective Date with such additions to such term as may hereafter
be made.

 

“
IP
Security Agreement
” means that certain intellectual property security agreement, entered into by each Obligor which is the
owner or joint owner of Intellectual Property registered with the United States Patent and Trademark Office or United States Copyright
Office, and Collateral Trustee, as of the Effective Date or from time to time thereafter, as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise
modified, from time to time.

 

“
Lien
”
means a claim, mortgage, deed of trust, levy, charge, pledge, security interest or other encumbrance of any kind, whether voluntarily
incurred or arising by operation of law or otherwise against any property.

 

“
Loan
Agreement
” means that certain Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of May 21, 2020, as amended, restated, supplemented or
otherwise modified through the date hereof.

 

“
Loan
Obligations
” has the meaning set forth in 
Section 2
 hereof.

 

“
Loans
”
has the meaning set forth in the Loan Agreement.

 

“
Material
Adverse Effect
” means (a) a material impairment in the perfection or priority of the Lien in the Collateral; or (b) a material
adverse effect upon: (i) the business, operations, properties, assets or financial condition of the Obligors as a whole; or (ii) the
ability to enforce any rights or remedies with respect to any Secured Obligations, in each case, as reasonably determined by Holder.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

“
Obligor
”
has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement.

 

“
Opco
”
has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement.

 

“
Operating
Documents
” means, for any Person, such Person’s formation documents, as certified by the Secretary of State (or equivalent
agency) of such Person’s jurisdiction of formation, organization or incorporation and, (a) if such Person is a corporation, its
bylaws in current form, (b) if such Person is a limited liability company, its limited liability company agreement or operating agreement
(or similar agreement), and (c) if such Person is a partnership, its partnership agreement (or similar agreement), each of the foregoing
with all current amendments, restatements and modifications thereto.

 

“
Ordinary
Course of Business
” means, in respect of any transaction involving any Person, the ordinary course of such Person’s business
as conducted by any such Person in accordance with (a) the usual and customary customs and practices in the kind of business in which
such Person is engaged, and (b) the past practice and operations of such Person, and in each case, undertaken by such Person in good
faith and not for purposes of evading any covenant or restriction in this Agreement.

 

“
Parent
”
has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement.

 

“
Patents
”
means all patents, patent applications and like protections of a Person including without limitation improvements, divisions, continuations,
renewals, reissues, extensions and continuations-in-part of the same and all rights therein provided by international treaties or conventions.

 

“
Permitted
Liens
” means:

 

(a) Liens
arising under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, including any renewals, extensions and refinancings of the underlying
obligations with respect thereto to the extent otherwise permitted hereunder;

 

(b) Liens
existing on the Effective Date and disclosed in writing to Holder;

 

(c) Liens
pursuant to the Bridge Loan Agreement;

 

(d) Liens
for taxes, fees, assessments or other government charges or levies, either (i) not yet delinquent or (ii) being contested in good faith
and for which such Obligor or Subsidiary maintains adequate reserves on its books;

 

(e) leases
or subleases of real property granted in the Ordinary Course of Business of such Person, and leases, subleases, non-exclusive licenses
or sublicenses of personal property (other than Intellectual Property) granted in the Ordinary Course of Business of such Person;

 

(f) Liens
of carriers, warehousemen, suppliers, or other Persons that are possessory in nature arising in the Ordinary Course of Business so long
as such Liens attach only to Inventory, securing liabilities and which are not delinquent or remain payable without penalty or which
are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings which proceedings have the effect of preventing the forfeiture or sale
of the property subject thereto;

 

(g) Liens
to secure payment of workers’ compensation, employment insurance, old-age pensions, social security and other like obligations
incurred in the Ordinary Course of Business (other than Liens imposed by ERISA);

 

(h) deposits
or pledges of cash to secure bids, tenders, contracts (other than contracts for the payment of money), leases, surety and appeal bonds
and other obligations of a like nature arising in the Ordinary Course of Business, in an aggregate amount not exceeding $50,000 at any
time;

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

(i) Liens
arising from attachments or judgments, orders, or decrees in circumstances not constituting an Acceleration Event;

 

(j) Liens
in favor of other financial institutions arising in connection with a Deposit Account or Securities Account of an Obligor or Subsidiary
thereof held at such institutions, provided that Collateral Trustee has a perfected security interest in such Deposit Account, or the
securities maintained therein and Collateral Trustee has received an Account Control Agreement with respect thereto to the extent required
pursuant to 
Section 5
 of this Agreement;

 

(k) servitudes,
easements, rights of way, restrictions and other similar encumbrances on real property imposed by applicable laws and encumbrances consisting
of zoning or building restrictions, easements, licenses, restrictions on the use of property or minor imperfections in title thereto
which, in the aggregate, are not material, and which do not in any case materially detract from the value of the property subject thereto
or interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business of any of the Obligors;

 

(l) licenses
of Intellectual Property which constitute a Permitted Transfer; and

 

(m) Liens
in connection with (i) Permitted Transfers and (ii) Liens on the unearned premium payments and related insurance proceeds securing financed
insurance premiums, in the Ordinary Course of Business;

 

(n) Liens
arising from precautionary financing statement filings regarding leases;

 

(o) Liens
arising from licenses constituting a “Permitted Transfer”;

 

(p) Liens
incurred in the extension, renewal or refinancing of the indebtedness secured by Liens described herein, but any extension, renewal or
replacement Lien must be limited to the property encumbered by the existing Lien and the principal amount of the indebtedness may not
increase (other than in connection with the capitalization of interest, fees or expenses); and

 

(q) Liens
junior to the security interests granted hereunder so long as such Liens are reasonably acceptable to Holder.

 

“
Permitted
Transfers
” means

 

(a) sales
of Inventory by an Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries in the Ordinary Course of Business;

 

(b) (i)
non-exclusive licenses and similar arrangements for the use of Intellectual Property of an Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries in the
Ordinary Course of Business, and (ii) exclusive licenses existing as of the Effective Date and disclosed in writing to Holder or as approved
by Holder in writing;

 

(c) dispositions
of worn-out, obsolete or surplus Equipment in the Ordinary Course of Business that is, in the reasonable judgment of such Obligor or
Subsidiary, no longer economically practicable to maintain or useful;

 

(d) Transfers
of receivables in the Ordinary Course of Businesses in connection with the compromise, settlement or collection thereof;

 

(e) Transfers
consisting of the granting of Permitted Liens;

 

(f) the
use or transfer of money or cash equivalents for the payment of expenses in the Ordinary Course of Business and in a manner that is not
prohibited by the Transaction Documents, provided that payments dividends, cash redemptions and other payments of cash in respect of
Equity Interests of Parent shall be limited to payments of cash in lieu of fractional shares and other de minimis payments not in excess
of $50,000 per fiscal year in the aggregate;

 

(g) of
Accounts in connection with the compromise, settlement or collection thereof;

 

(h) resulting
from casualty events;

 

(i) Transfers
described on a Schedule attached hereto; and

 

(j) Transfers
not otherwise permitted hereunder so long as the fair market value of any such Transfers does not exceed 10,000 in the aggregate in any
fiscal year of Parent.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

“
Person
”
means any individual, sole proprietorship, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, company, trust, unincorporated organization,
association, corporation, institution, public benefit corporation, firm, joint stock company, estate, entity or government agency.

 

“
Released
Party
” has the meaning set forth in 
Section 2
 hereof.

 

“
Remaining
Value
” means the amount determined as set forth on 
Schedule 1
 hereto.

 

“
Requirement
of Law
” means as to any Person, the organizational or governing documents of such Person, and any law (statutory or common),
treaty, rule or regulation or determination of an arbitrator or a court or other Governmental Authority, in each case applicable to or
binding upon such Person or any of its property or to which such Person or any of its property is subject.

 

“
Secured
Obligation
” means the obligations of the Obligors to pay the Contingent Value, and any other amount due or other obligations
hereunder, including, without limitation, any amounts or expenses accruing after Insolvency Proceedings begin (whether or not allowed),
and any debts, liabilities, which shall be treated as secured or administrative expenses in the Insolvency Proceedings to the extent
permitted by applicable law.

 

“
Secured
Party
” means Holder and Collateral Trustee, and each of their respective successors or assigns.

 

“
Secured
Party Expenses
” means all reasonable and documented fees, costs, and expenses (including reasonable and documented attorneys’
fees and expenses) of Secured Parties for preparing, amending, negotiating, administering, defending and enforcing this Agreement, the
Secured Obligations (including, without limitation, those incurred in connection with appeals or Insolvency Proceedings) or otherwise
incurred with respect to an Obligor, including all reasonable and documented costs, expenses and other amounts required to be paid by
Holder in accordance with the Collateral Trust Agreement.

 

“
Securities
Account
” means any “securities account” as defined in the Code with such additions to such term as may hereafter
be made.

 

“
Security
Instrument
” means any security agreement, assignment, pledge agreement, financing or other similar statement or notice, continuation
statement, other agreement or instrument, or any amendment or supplement to any thereof, creating, governing or providing for, evidencing
or perfecting any security interest or Lien.

 

“
Shares
”
means all of the issued and outstanding Equity Interests owned or held of record by an Obligor in each of its Subsidiaries or any other
Person.

 

“
Subsidiary
”
means, with respect to any Person, any corporation, partnership, limited liability company or joint venture in which (i) any general
partnership interest or (ii) more than fifty percent (50%) of the stock, limited liability company interest, joint venture interest or
other Equity Interest which by the terms thereof has the ordinary voting power to elect the Board of that Person, at the time as of which
any determination is being made, is owned or controlled by such Person, directly or indirectly.

 

“
Surviving
Obligations
” shall mean any obligations of which by the express terms of the Transaction Documents survive the termination
of the Loan Agreement.

 

“
Transaction
Documents
” means this Agreement, and any schedules, exhibits, certificates, notices, and any other documents related to this
Agreement, the Collateral Trust Agreement, the Account Control Agreements, the IP Security Agreement, and any other present or future
agreement by an Obligor with or for the benefit of Collateral Trustee or Holder in connection with this Agreement, in each case, as amended,
restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.

 

“
Transfer
”
means any conveyance, sale, lease, transfer, assignment, or other disposition by any Obligor or Subsidiary thereof.

 

“
Voting
Stock
” means, with respect to any Person, all classes of Equity Interests issued by such Person the holders of which are ordinarily,
in the absence of contingencies, entitled to vote for the election of directors or managers (or Persons performing similar functions)
of such Person, even though the right so to vote has been suspended by the happening of such a contingency.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

EXHIBIT
B

COLLATERAL
DESCRIPTION

 

The
Collateral consists of all of each Obligor’s right, title and interest in and to the following personal property wherever located,
whether now owned or existing or hereafter acquired, created or arising:

 

All
goods, Accounts (including health-care receivables), Equipment, Inventory, contract rights or rights to payment of money, leases, license
agreements, franchise agreements, General Intangibles, commercial tort claims, documents, instruments (including any promissory notes),
chattel paper (whether tangible or electronic), cash, deposit accounts, fixtures, letters of credit rights (whether or not the letter
of credit is evidenced by a writing), securities, and all other investment property, supporting obligations, and financial assets, whether
now owned or hereafter acquired, wherever located; and all such Obligor’s Books relating to the foregoing, and any and all claims,
rights and interests in any of the above and all substitutions for, additions, attachments, accessories, accessions and improvements
to and replacements, products, proceeds (both cash and non-cash) and insurance proceeds of any or all of the foregoing.

 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Collateral does not include any Collateral Accounts used exclusively to maintain escrowed funds, funds held in trust
for a third Person, or cash collateral or similar deposits subject to a Permitted Lien.