EX-10.3

5

ex10-3.htm

EX-10.3

 

 

Exhibit
10.3

 

ADDENDUM
#1 TO LOAN AGREEMENT

 

This
Addendum #1 to Loan Agreement (this “
Addendum
”) is intended to amend and supplement the Business Loan and Security
Agreement between the parties (the “
Agreement
” or “
Loan Agreement
”), and is incorporated into such
Loan Agreement. In the event of any inconsistency between this Addendum and the Loan Agreement, this Addendum shall control.

 

Notwithstanding
anything to in the Loan Agreement to the contrary, the Parties agree as follows:

 

1.

PAYMENT OF PRINCIPAL AND INTEREST

. Unless the Loan Agreement is otherwise accelerated, or extended in accordance with the
terms and conditions hereof, the entire outstanding principal balance of the Loan Agreement plus all accrued interest shall be due and
payable in full on July 14, 2027 (the “
Maturity Date
”). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Loan Agreement,
the Loan Amount shall be payable upon demand of Lender on or after December 15, 2026.

 

2.

BI-WEEKLY PAYMENTS AND BALLOON

. Borrower shall make Bi-Weekly payments of $75,000 to Lender. The bi-weekly payments shall
begin on July 10, 2025. The outstanding principal amount, together with any additional interest payable in accordance with Section 3,
shall be due and payable on the Maturity Date or the date which Lender demands payment on or after December 15, 2025.

 

3.

PAYMENT OF INTEREST

. Borrower will pay to Lender interest in the amount of $675,000.00 which is the amount of interest
payable through the Maturity Date. On the execution of the Loan Agreement, Borrower will pay to Lender the interest due under the Loan
Agreement for the entire two year term (i.e., $675,000.00) by the issuance of 225,000 shares of the Borrower’s shares of common
stock, valued for purposes of this issuance at $3.00 per share (the “
Interest Shares
”). The interest and the Interest
Shares will be fully earned on issuance and will not be subject to decrease or offset if the Loan Agreement is repaid prior to the Maturity
Date. The Interest Shares will be registered with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the “
Commission
”)
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (together with the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, the “
Securities
Act
”) and will be freely transferable by Lender subject to the Bleed Out (defined herein). Upon receipt of the Interest Shares,
Lender may sell the Shares; provided, that Lender will not sell a number of shares more than 20% of the average daily volume of the Borrower’s
common stock in any given Trading Day, as reported by the Trading Market (the “
Bleed Out
”). If, upon sale of all of
the Interest Shares, Lender has received aggregate proceeds of less than $675,000.00, Borrower must make up the shortfall in the form
of a cash payment at the time the loan is repaid provided, however, Lender did not violate the Bleed Out. “
Trading Day
”
means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading. “
Trading Market
” means The Nasdaq Stock Market
LLC (“
Nasdaq
”), (or any successors to the foregoing).

 

4.

ISSUANCE OF COLLATERAL SHARES

. At the execution of the Loan Agreement, Lender will issue into a reserve account 2,900,000
shares of common stock (the “
Collateral Shares
” and, together with the Interest Shares, the “
Borrower Securities
”).
The Collateral Shares will be delivered by Borrower and ClearTrust, LLC, the Borrower’s transfer agent (the “
Transfer
Agent
”) (i) instruction letter to the Transfer Agent to be delivered by Borrower (the “
Instruction Letter
”),
(ii) the Pledge and Security Agreement to be entered into between Borrower and Lender (the “
Pledge Agreement
”), and
the Escrow Agreement to be entered into among Borrower, Lender and Transfer Agent (the “
Escrow Agreement
” and, together
with the Instruction Letter and the Pledge Agreement, the “
Other Transaction Documents
”), all of which will be executed
and delivered at the execution of the Loan Agreement. The Collateral Shares will be held in a reserve account with the Transfer Agent
pursuant to such agreements. The Collateral Shares are intended to provide collateral for the obligations under the Loan Agreement and
are deliverable to Borrower on a default of the Loan Agreement.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

5.

DELIVERABLES

. On execution and delivery of this Agreement and prior to funding of the Loan Agreement, Borrower shall deliver
or cause to be delivered to Borrower the following (the “
Borrower Deliverables
”):

 

5.1.

Interest
 Shares;

 

5.2.

Instruction
 Letter;

 

5.3.

Pledge
 Agreement;

 

5.4.

Escrow
 Agreement;

 

5.5.

a
 legal opinion from Borrower’s legal counsel, in form and substance satisfactory to
 Lender and its legal counsel, respecting the issuance, delivery and registration of the Borrower
 Securities, including that the shares are registered under Borrower’s effective registration
 statement with the Commission (File No. 333-268960) (the “
Registration Statement
”),
 which registers the offer and sale of Borrower’s securities; and

 

5.6.

Borrower’s
 supplement to the base prospectus included in the Registration Statement (the “
Prospectus
”)
 in respect of the issuance by Borrower of the Interest Shares and the Collateral Shares,
 complying with Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act that is filed with the Commission (the “
Prospectus
 Supplement
”).

 

6.

REPRESENTATIONS
 AND WARRANTIES OF BORROWER

. Borrower hereby makes the following representations and
 warranties to Lender:

 

6.1.

Authorization;
 Enforcement
. Borrower has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and
 to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Loan Agreement and each of the Other Transaction
 Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution
 and delivery of the Loan Agreement and each of the Other Transaction Documents by Borrower
 and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, including
 the issuance of the Borrower Securities, have been duly authorized by all necessary action
 on the part of Borrower and no further action is required by Borrower, the Board of Directors
 or the Borrower’s shareholders in connection herewith or therewith other than in connection
 with the Required Approvals (defined in Section 6.3). This Agreement and each Other Transaction
 Document has been (or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by Borrower to the extent
 required and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, such agreements
 will constitute the valid and binding obligations of Borrower enforceable against Borrower
 in accordance with its respective terms, except (i) as limited by general equitable principles
 and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general
 application affecting enforcement of creditors’ rights generally, (ii) as limited by
 laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable
 remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited
 by applicable law.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

6.2.

No
 Conflicts
. The execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower of this Agreement
 and the Other Transaction Documents to which it is a party, the issuance of the Borrower
 Securities and the consummation by Borrower of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby
 do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of Borrower’s or any
 subsidiary’s certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational
 or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that with
 notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of
 any lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive
 right or other restriction (“
Lien
”) upon any of the properties or assets
 of the Borrower or any subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment,
 anti-dilution or similar adjustments, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice,
 lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing
 a Borrower or subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Borrower
 or any subsidiary is a party or by which any property or asset of the Borrower or any subsidiary
 is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict with or result
 in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other
 restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the Borrower or a subsidiary
 is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any
 property or asset of the Borrower or a subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case
 of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as could not have or reasonably be expected to result
 in a Material Adverse Effect. “
Material Adverse Effect
” means any of (i)
 a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of the Loan Agreement
 or any Other Transaction Document, (ii) a material adverse effect on the results of operations,
 assets, business, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Borrower or any
 subsidiary, or (iii) a material adverse effect on Borrower’s ability to perform in
 any material respect on a timely basis its obligations under the Loan Agreement or any Other
 Transaction Document.

 

6.3.

Filings,
 Consents and Approvals
. Borrower is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization
 or order of, give any notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other
 federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other individual or entity in connection
 with the execution, delivery and performance by Borrower of the Loan Agreement or any Other
 Transaction Document to which it is a party, other than: (i) notification to the Trading
 Market of the offering of the Borrower Securities to the extent required by the rules of
 the Trading Market, (ii) the filing with the Commission of the Prospectus Supplement, (iii)
 application(s) to the Trading Market for the listing of the Shares for trading thereon in
 the time and manner required thereby, and (iv) such filings as are required to be made under
 applicable state securities laws (collectively, the “
Required Approvals
”).

 

6.4.

Listing
 and Maintenance Requirements
. Borrower’s common stock is registered pursuant to
 Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended (the “
Exchange
 Act
”), and Borrower has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge
 is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the common stock under the
 Exchange Act nor has Borrower received any notification that the Commission is contemplating
 terminating such registration.

 

6.5.

Issuance
 of Borrower Securities; Registration
. The Borrower Securities have been duly authorized
 and, when issued in accordance with this Loan Agreement, will be duly and validly issued,
 fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of any and all Liens imposed by Borrower and
 are registered pursuant to the terms of the Registration Statement. Borrower has prepared
 and filed the Registration Statement in conformity with the requirements of the Securities
 Act, which became effective on January 3, 2023 (the “
Effective Date
”),
 including the Prospectus, and such amendments and supplements thereto as may have been required
 to the date of this Agreement. Borrower was at the time of the filing of the Registration
 Statement eligible to use Form S-3. Borrower is eligible to use Form S-3 under the Securities
 Act and it meets the transaction requirements as set forth in General Instruction I.B1 of
 Form S-3. The Registration Statement is effective under the Securities Act and no stop order
 preventing or suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or suspending or
 preventing the use of the Prospectus has been issued by the Commission and no proceedings
 for that purpose have been instituted or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, are threatened
 by the Commission. At the time the Registration Statement and any amendments thereto became
 effective, at the date of the Loan Agreement, the Registration Statement and any amendments
 thereto conformed and will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities
 Act and did not and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state
 any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein
 not misleading; and the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto, including the
 Prospectus Supplement, at the time the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto
 was issued and at the Closing Date, conformed and will conform in all material respects to
 the requirements of the Securities Act and did not and will not contain an untrue statement
 of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements
 therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the undersigned has executed, or has caused to be executed, this Addendum as of the date first written above.

 

 

NextNRG, Inc.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

By:

 

      

 

 

 

Name:

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Lender:

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

By:

 

 

 

 

Name: