EX-10.1

2

ex10-1.htm

 

 

Exhibit
10.1

 

BUSINESS
LOAN AGREEMENT

 

 

 

 

 

Borrower:

 

OPTEX
 SYSTEMS, INC.

 

 

 

Lender:

 

Texas
 Capital Bank

 

 

 

 

OPTEX
 SYSTEMS HOLDINGS, INC.

 1420 Presidential Dr.

 Richardson, TX 75081

 

 

 

 

 

McKinney
 Office, Middle Market Banking

 

2000
 McKinney Ave., Suite 700

 

Dallas,
 TX 75201

 

(214)
 932-6600

 

 

 

 

THIS
BUSINESS LOAN AGREEMENT dated March 22, 2023, is made and executed between OPTEX SYSTEMS, INC.; and OPTEX SYSTEMS HOLDINGS, INC. (“Borrower”)
and Texas Capital Bank (“Lender”) on the following terms and conditions. Borrower has received prior commercial loans from
Lender or has applied to Lender for a commercial loan or loans or other financial accommodations, including those which may be described
on any exhibit or schedule attached to this Agreement. Borrower understands and agrees that: (A) in granting, renewing, or 
extending
any Loan, Lender is relying upon Borrower’s representations, warranties, and agreements as set forth in this Agreement; (B) the
granting, renewing, or extending of any Loan by Lender at all times shall be subject to Lender’s sole judgment and discretion;
and (C) all such Loans shall be and remain subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

 

TERM.

This Agreement shall be effective as of March 22, 2023, and shall continue in full force and effect until such time as all of Borrower’s
Loans in favor of Lender have been paid in full, including principal, interest, costs, expenses, attorneys’ fees, and other fees
and charges, or until such time as the parties may agree in writing to terminate this Agreement.

 

LINE
OF CREDIT. 
The Indebtedness includes a revolving line of credit. Advances under the Indebtedness, as well as directions for payment
from Borrower’s accounts, may be requested only in writing by Borrower or as provided in the “Advance Authority” section
below. Borrower agrees to be liable for all sums either: (A) advanced in accordance with the instructions of an authorized person as
described in the “Advance Authority” section below or (B) credited to any of Borrower’s accounts with Lender

 

ADVANCE
AUTHORITY. 
The following person or persons are authorized, except as provided in this paragraph, to request advances and authorize
payments under the line of credit until Lender receives from Borrower, at Lender’s address shown above, written notice of revocation
of such authority : 
Danny R. Schoening, Chief Executive Officer of OPTEX SYSTEMS, INC. 
; 
Karen L. Hawkins, Chief Financial
Officer of OPTEX SYSTEMS, INC. 
; 
Danny R. Schoening, Chief Executive Officer of OPTEX SYSTEMS HOLDINGS, INC. 
; 
and Karen
L. Hawkins, Chief Financial Officer of OPTEX SYSTEMS HOLDINGS, INC. 
. 
Interest will be charged from the date of each advancement
on the amount of each advancement. All scheduled interest payments shall be current prior to advances being made; and upon lending officer’s
approval.

 

CONDITIONS
PRECEDENT TO EACH ADVANCE. 
Lender’s obligation to make the initial Advance and each subsequent Advance under this Agreement
shall be subject to the fulfillment to Lender’s satisfaction of all of the conditions set forth in this Agreement and in the Related
Documents.

 

Loan
Documents. 
Borrower shall provide to Lender the following documents for the Loan: (1) the Note; (2) Security Agreements granting
to Lender security interests in the Collateral; (3) financing statements and all other documents perfecting Lender’s Security
Interests; (4) evidence of insurance as required below; (5) together with all such Related Documents as Lender may require for the Loan;
all in form and substance satisfactory to Lender and Lender’s counsel.

 

Borrower’s
Authorization. 
Borrower shall have provided in form and substance satisfactory to Lender properly certified resolutions, duly authorizing
the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Note and the Related Documents. In addition, Borrower shall have provided such other
resolutions, authorizations, documents and instruments as Lender or its counsel, may require.

 

Payment
of Fees and Expenses.
 Borrower shall have paid to Lender all fees, charges, and other expenses which are then due and payable as
specified in this Agreement or any Related Document.

 

Representations
and Warranties. 
The representations and warranties set forth in this Agreement, in the Related Documents, and in any document or
certificate delivered to Lender under this Agreement are true and correct.

 

No
Event of Default. 
There shall not exist at the time of any Advance a condition which would constitute an Event of Default under this
Agreement or under any Related Document.

 

MULTIPLE
BORROWERS.
 This Agreement has been executed by multiple obligors who are referred to in this Agreement individually, collectively
and interchangeably as “Borrower.” Unless specifically stated to the contrary, the word “Borrower” as used in
this Agreement, including without limitation all representations, warranties and covenants, shall include all Borrowers. Borrower understands
and agrees that, with or without notice to any one Borrower, Lender may (A) make one or more additional secured or unsecured loans or
otherwise extend additional credit with respect to any other Borrower; (B) with respect to any other Borrower alter, compromise, renew,
extend, accelerate, or otherwise change one or more times the time for payment or other terms of any indebtedness, including increases
and decreases of the rate of interest on the indebtedness; (C) exchange , enforce, waive, subordinate, fail or decide not to perfect,
and release any security , with or without the substitution of new collateral; (D) release, substitute , agree not to sue, or deal with
any one or more of Borrower’s or any other Borrower’s sureties, endorsers, or other guarantors on any terms or in any manner
Lender may choose; (E) determine how, when and what application of payments and credits shall be made on any indebtedness; (F) apply
such security and direct the order or manner of sale of any Collateral, including without limitation, any non-judicial sale permitted
by the terms of the controlling security agreement or deed of trust, as Lender in its discretion may determine ; (G) sell, transfer ,
assign or grant participations in all or any part of the Loan; (H) exercise or refrain from exercising any rights against Borrower or
others, or otherwise act or refrain from acting; (I) settle or compromise any indebtedness; and (J) subordinate the payment of all or
any part of any of Borrower’s indebtedness to Lender to the payment of any liabilities which may be due Lender or others.

 

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES. 
Borrower represents and warrants to Lender, as of the date of this Agreement, as of the date of each disbursement
of loan proceeds, as of the date of any renewal, extension or modification of any Loan, and at all times any Indebtedness exists:

 

Organization.

OPTEX SYSTEMS, INC. is a corporation for profit which is, and at all times shall be, duly organized, validly existing, and in good
standing under and by virtue of the laws of the State of Delaware. OPTEX SYSTEMS, INC. is duly authorized to transact business in all
other states in which OPTEX SYSTEMS, INC. is doing business, having obtained all necessary filings, governmental licenses and approvals
for each state in which OPTEX SYSTEMS, INC. is doing business. Specifically, OPTEX SYSTEMS, INC. is, and at all times shall be, duly
qualified as a foreign corporation in all states in which the failure to so qualify would have a material adverse effect on its business
or financial condition. OPTEX SYSTEMS, INC. has the full power and authority to own its properties and to transact the business in which
it is presently engaged or presently proposes to engage. OPTEX SYSTEMS, INC. maintains an office at 1420 Presidential Dr., Richardson,
TX 75081. Unless OPTEX SYSTEMS, INC. has designated otherwise in writing, the principal office is the office at which OPTEX SYSTEMS,
INC. keeps its books and records including its records concerning the Collateral. OPTEX SYSTEMS, INC. will notify Lender prior to any
change in the location of OPTEX SYSTEMS, INC. ‘s state of organization or any change in OPTEX SYSTEMS, INC. ‘s name. OPTEX
SYSTEMS, INC. shall do all things necessary to preserve and to keep in full force and effect its existence, rights and privileges, and
shall comply with all regulations, rules, ordinances, statutes, orders and decrees of any governmental or quasi-governmental authority
or court applicable to OPTEX SYSTEMS, INC. and OPTEX SYSTEMS, INC. ‘s business activities.

 

 

 

 

 

BUSINESS LOAN AGREEMENT

(Continued)

 

Page 
2

 

 

OPTEX
SYSTEMS HOLDINGS, INC. is a corporation for profit which is, and at all times shall be, duly organized, validly existing, and in good
standing under and by virtue of the laws of the State of Delaware. OPTEX SYSTEMS HOLDINGS, INC. is duly authorized to transact business
in all other states in which OPTEX SYSTEMS HOLDINGS, INC. is doing business, having obtained all necessary filings, governmental licenses
and approvals for each state in which OPTEX SYSTEMS HOLDINGS, INC. is doing business. Specifically, OPTEX SYSTEMS HOLDINGS, INC. is,
and at all times shall be, duly qualified as a foreign corporation in all states in which the failure to so qualify would have a material
adverse effect on its business or financial condition. OPTEX SYSTEMS HOLDINGS, INC. has the full power and authority to own its properties
and to transact the business in which it is presently engaged or presently proposes to engage. OPTEX SYSTEMS HOLDINGS, INC. maintains
an office at 1420 Presidential Dr., Richardson, TX 75081. Unless OPTEX SYSTEMS HOLDINGS, INC. has designated otherwise in writing, the
principal office is the office at which OPTEX SYSTEMS HOLDINGS, INC. keeps its books and records including its records concerning the
Collateral. OPTEX SYSTEMS HOLDINGS, INC. will notify Lender prior to any change in the location of OPTEX SYSTEMS HOLDINGS, INC. ‘s
state of organization or any change in OPTEX SYSTEMS HOLDINGS, INC. ‘s name. OPTEX SYSTEMS HOLDINGS, INC. shall do all things necessary
to preserve and to keep in full force and effect its existence, rights and privileges, and shall comply with all regulations, rules,
ordinances, statutes, orders and decrees of any governmental or quasi-governmental authority or court applicable to OPTEX SYSTEMS HOLDINGS,
INC. and OPTEX SYSTEMS HOLDINGS, INC. ‘s business activities.

 

Assumed
Business Names. 
Borrower has filed or recorded all documents or filings required by law relating to all assumed business names used
by Borrower. Excluding the name of Borrower, the following is a complete list of all assumed business names under which Borrower does
business: 
None.

 

Authorization.

Borrower’s execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement and all the Related Documents have been duly authorized by
all necessary action by Borrower and do not conflict with, result in a violation of , or constitute a default under (1) any provision
of (a) Borrower’s articles of incorporation or organization, or bylaws, or (b) any agreement or other instrument binding upon Borrower
or (2) any law, governmental regulation, court decree, or order applicable to Borrower or to Borrower’s properties.

 

Financial
Information. 
Each of Borrower’s financial statements supplied to Lender truly and completely disclosed Borrower’s financial
condition as of the date of the statement, and there has been no material adverse change in Borrower’s financial condition subsequent
to the date of the most recent financial statement supplied to Lender. Borrower has no material contingent obligations except as disclosed
in such financial statements.

 

Legal
Effect. 
This Agreement constitutes, and any instrument or agreement Borrower is required to give under this Agreement when delivered
will constitute legal, valid, and binding obligations of Borrower enforceable against Borrower in accordance with their respective terms.

 

Properties.

Except as contemplated by this Agreement or as previously disclosed in Borrower’s financial statements or in writing to Lender
and as accepted by Lender, and except for property tax liens for taxes not presently due and payable, Borrower owns and has good title
to all of Borrower’s properties free and clear of all Security Interests, and has not executed any security documents or financing
statements relating to such properties. All of Borrower’s properties are titled in Borrower’s legal name, and Borrower has
not used or filed a financing statement under any other name for at least the last five (5) years.

 

Hazardous
Substances. 
Except as disclosed to and acknowledged by Lender in writing, Borrower represents and warrants that: (1) During the period
of Borrower’s ownership of the Collateral, there has been no use, generation, manufacture, storage, treatment, disposal, release
or threatened release of any Hazardous Substance by any person on, under, about or from any of the Collateral. (2) Borrower has no knowledge
of, or reason to believe that there has been (a) any breach or violation of any Environmental Laws; (b) any use, generation, manufacture,
storage, treatment, disposal, release or threatened release of any Hazardous Substance on, under, about or from the Collateral by any
prior owners or occupants of any of the Collateral; or (c) any actual or threatened litigation or claims of any kind by any person relating
to such matters. (3) Neither Borrower nor any tenant, contractor, agent or other authorized user of any of the Collateral shall use,
generate, manufacture, store, treat, dispose of or release any Hazardous Substance on, under, about or from any of the Collateral; and
any such activity shall be conducted in compliance with all applicable federal, state, and local laws, regulations, and ordinances, including
without limitation all Environmental Laws. Borrower authorizes Lender and its agents to enter upon the Collateral to make such inspections
and tests as Lender may deem appropriate to determine compliance of the Collateral with this section of the Agreement. Any inspections
or tests made by Lender shall be at Borrower’s expense and for Lender’s purposes only and shall not be construed to create
any responsibility or liability on the part of Lender to Borrower or to any other person. The representations and warranties contained
herein are based on Borrower’s due diligence in investigating the Collateral for hazardous waste and Hazardous Substances. Borrower
hereby (1) releases and waives any future claims against Lender for indemnity or contribution in the event Borrower becomes liable for
cleanup or other costs under any such laws, and (2) agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Lender against any and all claims,
losses, liabilities , damages, penalties, and expenses which Lender may directly or indirectly sustain or suffer resulting from a breach
of this section of the Agreement or as a consequence of any use, generation, manufacture, storage, disposal, release or threatened release
of a hazardous waste or substance on the Collateral. The provisions of this section of the Agreement, including the obligation to indemnify
and defend, shall survive the payment of the Indebtedness and the termination, expiration or satisfaction of this Agreement and shall
not be affected by Lender’s acquisition of any interest in any of the Collateral, whether by foreclosure or otherwise.

 

Litigation
and Claims. 
No litigation, claim, investigation, administrative proceeding or similar action (including those for unpaid taxes) against
Borrower is pending or threatened, and no other event has occurred which may materially adversely affect Borrower’s financial condition
or properties, other than litigation, claims, or other events, if any, that have been disclosed to and acknowledged by Lender in writing.

 

Taxes.

To the best of Borrower’s knowledge, all of Borrower’s tax returns and reports that are or were required to be filed,
have been filed, and all taxes, assessments and other governmental charges have been paid in full, except those presently being or to
be contested by Borrower in good faith in the ordinary course of business and for which adequate reserves have been provided.

 

Lien
Priority. 
Unless otherwise previously disclosed to Lender in writing, Borrower has not entered into or granted any Security Agreements,
or permitted the filing or attachment of any Security Interests on or affecting any of the Collateral directly or indirectly securing
repayment of Borrower’s Loan and Note, that would be prior or that may in any way be superior to Lender’s Security Interests
and rights in and to such Collateral.

 

Binding
Effect. 
This Agreement, the Note, all Security Agreements (if any), and all Related Documents are binding upon the signers thereof,
as well as upon their successors, representatives and assigns, and are legally enforceable in accordance with their respective terms.

 

 

 

 

 

BUSINESS LOAN AGREEMENT

(Continued)

 

Page 
3

 

 

AFFIRMATIVE
COVENANTS. 
Borrower covenants and agrees with Lender that, so long as this Agreement remains in effect, Borrower will:

 

Notices
of Claims and Litigation. 
Promptly inform Lender in writing of (1) all material adverse changes in Borrower’s financial condition,
and (2) all existing and all threatened litigation, claims, investigations, administrative proceedings or similar actions affecting Borrower
or any Guarantor which could materially affect the financial condition of Borrower or the financial condition of any Guarantor.

 

Financial
Records. 
Maintain its books and records in accordance with GAAP, or an OCBOA acceptable to Lender, applied on a consistent basis,
and permit Lender to examine and audit Borrower’s books and records at all reasonable times.

 

Financial
Statements. 
Furnish Lender with the following:

 

Additional
Requirements.

 

Annual
Statements. 
As soon as available, but in no event later than one-hundred-twenty (120) days after the end of each fiscal year, OPTEX
SYSTEMS HOLDINGS, INC. balance sheet and income statement for the year ended, audited by a certified public accountant satisfactory to
Lender.

 

Tax
Returns. 
As soon as available, but in no event later than thirty (30) days after the applicable filing date for the tax reporting
period ended, OPTEX SYSTEMS HOLDINGS, INC. Federal and other governmental tax returns, prepared by OPTEX SYSTEMS HOLDINGS, INC.

 

Interim
Statements. 
As soon as available, but in no event later than forty-five (45) days after the fiscal quarter end, OPTEX SYSTEMS HOLDINGS,
INC. consolidated balance sheet and income statement, together with a statement of contingent liabilities, for the period ended, prepared
by OPTEX SYSTEMS HOLDINGS, INC.

 

Accounts
Receivable and Aging Report. 
Deliver to Lender an aging and listing of all accounts receivable in accordance with the generally accepted
accounting principles itemizing total amounts payable to OPTEX SYSTEMS HOLDINGS, INC. This report is to be delivered quarterly within
forty-five (45) days of prior period end.

 

Inventory
Listing. 
Concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, OPTEX SYSTEMS HOLDINGS, INC. shall execute and deliver to
Lender Inventory Listings and Eligible Inventory Listings, in form and substance satisfactory to the Lender. Supplemental listings shall
be delivered according to the following schedule: 
quarterly within fort-five (45) days of prior period end.

 

Backlog
Reports.
 OPTEX SYSTEMS HOLDINGS, INC. to provide Lender within forty-five (45) days after the end of each quarter with Backlog Reports.

 

All
financial reports required to be provided under this Agreement shall be prepared in accordance with GAAP, or an OCBOA acceptable to Lender,
applied on a consistent basis, and certified by Borrower as being true and correct.

 

Additional
Information. 
Furnish such additional information and statements, as Lender may request from time to time.

 

Additional
Requirements.

 

Maintain
Basic Business. 
Maintain the current business activities in which Borrower is presently engaged.

 

Actual
Or Contingent Liabilities. 
Inform Lender of actual or contingent liabilities.

 

Depository
Relationship. 
Establish and maintain its primary operating account(s) with Texas Capital Bank within 60 days of closing.

 

Fixed
Charge Coverage Ratio. 
Borrower further covenants and agrees with Lender that, while this Agreement is in effect, Borrower will comply
at all times with the following ratio: Maintain as of each Test Period, a Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio greater than or equal to 1.25 to
1 .00. “Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio” means (a) the difference of (i) earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization,
minus (ii) income Taxes actually paid in cash, minus (iii) Permitted Tax Distributions, minus (iv) the sum of all Restricted Payments,
and non-financed Capital Expenditures, in each case, for the most recently completed Test Period to (b) Fixed Charges for the most recently
completed Test Period. 
“Fixed Charges” 
means, for any Person for any period, the sum of (a) Debt Service for such
period, plus (b) cash income Taxes paid during such period, plus (c) the sum of distributions and dividends made during such period,
plus (d) non-financed Capital Expenditures made in cash during such period. 
“Debt Service” 
means, for any Person for
any period, the sum of (a) all regularly scheduled principal payments and (b) all Cash Interest Expense that are paid or payable during
such period in respect of all Debt of such Person (other than scheduled payments of principal on Debt which pay such Debt in full, but
only to the extent such final payment is greater than the scheduled principal payment immediately preceding such final payment)

 

Total
Leverage Ratio: 
Borrower further covenants and agrees with Lender that, while this Agreement is in effect, Borrower will comply at
all times with the following ratio: Borrower shall not permit, for any Test Period, the Total Leverage Ratio as of the last day of such
Test Period, to exceed 3.00 to 1.00. Total Leverage Ratio means, as of any date of determination, the ratio of (a) Total Debt, for the
most recently completed Test Period to (b) earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization for the most recently completed
Test Period.

 

Test
Period. At 
any time, the four (4) consecutive fiscal quarters of Borrower then last ended (in each case taken as one (1) accounting
period) for which financial statements have been or are required to be delivered pursuant to this Agreement.

 

Subordinated
Debt. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Agreement, Lender agrees that while this Agreement is in effect,
Borrower will be allowed to make and Creditor will be allowed to accept: (A) any payment upon any Subordinated Indebtedness , (B) any
advance, transfer , or assignment of assets to Creditor in any form whatsoever that could reduce at any time or in any way the amount
of Subordinated Indebtedness , and (C) any transfer of any assets as security for the Subordinated Indebtedness , but only with Lender’s
prior written consent.

 

Insurance.

Maintain fire and other risk insurance, public liability insurance, and such other insurance as Lender may require with respect to
Borrower’s properties and operations, in form, amounts, and coverages reasonably acceptable to Lender and by insurance companies
authorized to transact business in Texas. 
BORROWER MAY FURNISH THE INSURANCE REQUIRED BY THIS AGREEMENT WHETHER THROUGH EXISTING POLICIES
OWNED OR CONTROLLED BY BORROWER OR THROUGH EQUIVALENT COVERAGE FROM ANY

 

INSURANCE
COMPANY AUTHORIZED TO TRANSACT BUSINESS IN TEXAS.
 Borrower, upon request of Lender, will deliver to Lender from time to time the
policies or certificates of insurance in form satisfactory to Lender, including stipulations that coverages will not be cancelled or
diminished without at least ten (10) days prior written notice to Lender. Each insurance policy also shall include an endorsement providing
that coverage in favor of Lender will not be impaired in any way by any act, omission or default of Borrower or any other person. In
connection with all policies covering assets in which Lender holds or is offered a security interest for the Loans, Borrower will provide
Lender with such lender’s loss payable or other endorsements as Lender may require.

 

Insurance
Reports. 
Furnish to Lender, upon request of Lender, reports on each existing insurance policy showing such information as Lender
may reasonably request, including without limitation the following: (1) the name of the insurer; (2) the risks insured; (3) the amount
of the policy; (4) the properties insured; (5) the then current property values on the basis of which insurance has been obtained, and
the manner of determining those values; and (6) the expiration date of the policy. In addition, upon request of Lender (however not more
often than annually), Borrower will have an independent appraiser satisfactory to Lender determine, as applicable, the actual cash value
or replacement cost of any Collateral. The cost of such appraisal shall be paid by Borrower.

 

 

 

 

 

BUSINESS LOAN AGREEMENT

(Continued)

 

Page 
4

 

 

Other
Agreements. 
Comply with all terms and conditions of all other agreements, whether now or hereafter existing, between Borrower and
any other party and notify Lender immediately in writing of any default in connection with any other such agreements.

 

Loan
Proceeds. 
Use all Loan proceeds solely for Borrower’s business operations, unless specifically consented to the contrary by
Lender in writing.

 

Taxes,
Charges and Liens. 
Pay and discharge when due all of its indebtedness and obligations, including without limitation all assessments,
taxes, governmental charges, levies and liens, of every kind and nature, imposed upon Borrower or its properties, income, or profits,
prior to the date on which penalties would attach, and all lawful claims that, if unpaid, might become a lien or charge upon any of Borrower’s
properties, income, or profits. Provided however, Borrower will not be required to pay and discharge any such assessment, tax, charge,
levy, lien or claim so long as (1) the legality of the same shall be contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, and (2) Borrower
shall have established on Borrower’s books adequate reserves with respect to such contested assessment, tax, charge, levy, lien,
or claim in accordance with GAAP or an OCBOA acceptable to Lender.

 

Performance.

Perform and comply, in a timely manner, with all terms, conditions, and provisions set forth in this Agreement, in the Related Documents,
and in all other instruments and agreements between Borrower and Lender. Borrower shall notify Lender immediately in writing of any default
in connection with any agreement.

 

Operations.

Maintain executive and management personnel with substantially the same qualifications and experience as the present executive and
management personnel; provide written notice to Lender of any change in executive and management personnel; conduct its business affairs
in a reasonable and prudent manner.

 

Environmental
Studies. 
Promptly conduct and complete, at Borrower’s expense, all such investigations, studies, samplings and testings as
may be requested by Lender or any governmental authority relative to any substance, or any waste or by-product of any substance defined
as toxic or a hazardous substance under applicable federal, state, or local law, rule, regulation, order or directive, at or affecting
any property or any facility owned, leased or used by Borrower.

 

Compliance
with Governmental Requirements. 
Comply with all laws, ordinances, and regulations, now or hereafter in effect, of all governmental
authorities applicable to the conduct of Borrower’s properties, businesses and operations, and to the use or occupancy of the Collateral,
including without limitation, the Americans With Disabilities Act. Borrower may contest in good faith any such law, ordinance, or regulation
and withhold compliance during any proceeding, including appropriate appeals, so long as Borrower has notified Lender in writing prior
to doing so and so long as, in Lender’s sole opinion, Lender’s interests in the Collateral are not jeopardized. Lender may
require Borrower to post adequate security or a surety bond, reasonably satisfactory to Lender, to protect Lender’s interest.

 

Inspection.

Permit employees or agents of Lender at any reasonable time to inspect any and all Collateral for the Loan or Loans and Borrower’s
other properties and to examine or audit Borrower’s books, accounts, and records and to make copies and memoranda of Borrower’s
books, accounts, and records. If Borrower now or at any time hereafter maintains any records (including without limitation computer generated
records and computer software programs for the generation of such records) in the possession of a third party, Borrower, upon request
of Lender, shall notify such party to permit Lender free access to such records at all reasonable times and to provide Lender with copies
of any records it may request, all at Borrower’s expense.

 

Compliance
Certificates. 
Unless waived in writing by Lender, provide Lender within forty-five (45) days after the end of each fiscal quarter,
with a certificate executed by Borrower’s chief financial officer, or other officer or person acceptable to Lender, certifying
that the representations and warranties set forth in this Agreement are true and correct as of the date of the certificate and further
certifying that, as of the date of the certificate, no Event of Default exists under this Agreement.

 

Environmental
Compliance and Reports. 
Borrower shall comply in all respects with any and all Environmental Laws ; not cause or permit to exist,
as a result of an intentional or unintentional action or omission on Borrower’s part or on the part of any third party, on property
owned and/or occupied by Borrower, any environmental activity where damage may result to the environment, unless such environmental activity
is pursuant to and in compliance with the conditions of a permit issued by the appropriate federal, state or local governmental authorities;
shall furnish to Lender promptly and in any event within thirty (30) days after receipt thereof a copy of any notice , summons, lien,
citation , directive, letter or other communication from any governmental agency or instrumentality concerning any intentional or unintentional
action or omission on Borrower’s part in connection with any environmental activity whether or not there is damage to the environment
and/or other natural resources.

 

Additional
Assurances. 
Make, execute and deliver to Lender such promissory notes, mortgages, deeds of trust, security agreements, assignments,
financing statements, instruments, documents and other agreements as Lender or its attorneys may reasonably request to evidence and secure
the Loans and to perfect all Security Interests.

 

LENDER’S
EXPENDITURES.
 If any action or proceeding is commenced that would materially affect Lender’s interest in the Collateral or
if Borrower fails to comply with any provision of this Agreement or any Related Documents , including but not limited to Borrower’s
failure to discharge or pay when due any amounts Borrower is required to discharge or pay under this Agreement or any Related Documents
, Lender on Borrower’s behalf may (but shall not be obligated to) take any action that Lender deems appropriate, including but
not limited to discharging or paying all taxes, liens, security interests, encumbrances and other claims, at any time levied or placed
on any Collateral and paying all costs for insuring, maintaining and preserving any Collateral. All such expenditures paid by Lender
for such purposes will then bear interest at the Note rate from the date paid by Lender to the date of repayment by Borrower. To the
extent permitted by applicable law, all such expenses will become a part of the Indebtedness and, at Lender’s option, will (A)
be payable on demand; (B) be added to the balance of the Note and be apportioned among and be payable with any installment payments to
become due during either (1) the term of any applicable insurance policy; or (2) the remaining term of the Note; or (C) be treated as
a balloon payment which will be due and payable at the Note’s maturity.

 

NEGATIVE
COVENANTS. 
Borrower covenants and agrees with Lender that while this Agreement is in effect, Borrower shall not, without the prior
written consent of Lender:

 

Indebtedness
and Liens. 
(1) Except for trade debt incurred in the normal course of business and indebtedness to Lender contemplated by this Agreement,
create, incur or assume additional indebtedness for borrowed money, including capital leases, in excess of the aggregate amount of 
$500,000
.00, 
(2) sell, transfer , mortgage, assign, pledge, lease, grant a security interest in, or encumber any of Borrower’s assets
(except as allowed as Permitted Liens), or (3) sell with recourse any of Borrower’s accounts receivable, except to Lender.

 

Additional
Financial Restrictions.

 

Transfer
Of Assets. 
Transfer, sell or otherwise dispose of any of Borrower’s assets to another entity.

 

Change
In Management. 
Permit Karen Hawkins to cease as senior executive or management personnel of Borrower or permit any other change in
the senior executive or management personnel of Borrower.

 

 

 

 

 

BUSINESS LOAN AGREEMENT

(Continued)

 

Page 
5

 

 

Affiliates.

Enter into any transaction, including, without limitation, the purchase, sale, or exchange of property or the rendering of any service,
with any Affiliate of Borrower, except in the ordinary course of and pursuant to the reasonable requirements of Borrower’s business
and upon fair and reasonable terms no less favorable than would be obtained in a comparable arm ‘s length transaction with a person
or entity not an Affiliate of Borrower. As used herein, the term “Affiliate “ means any individual or entity directly or
indirectly controlling, controlled by or under common control with, another entity or individual

 

Non-Financed
Capital Expenditures.
 Make or contract to make non-financed capital expenditures, including leasehold improvements, in any fiscal
year in excess of $500,000 .00 or incur liability for rentals of property (including both real and personal property) in an amount which,
together with and non-financed capital expenditures, shall in any fiscal year exceed such sum.

 

Continuity
of Operations. 
(1) Engage in any business activities substantially different than those in which Borrower is presently engaged, (2)
cease operations, liquidate , merge or restructure as a legal entity (whether by division or otherwise), consolidate with or acquire
any other entity , change its name, convert to another type of entity or redomesticate, dissolve or transfer or sell Collateral out of
the ordinary course of business, or (3) pay any dividends on Borrower’s stock (other than dividends payable in its stock), provided,
however that notwithstanding the foregoing, but only so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result from
the payment of dividends, if Borrower is a “Subchapter S Corporation” (as defined in the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 ,
as amended), Borrower may pay cash dividends on its stock to its shareholders from time to time in amounts necessary to enable the shareholders
to pay income taxes and make estimated income tax payments to satisfy their liabilities under federal and state law which arise solely
from their status as Shareholders of a Subchapter S Corporation because of their ownership of shares of Borrower’s stock, or purchase
or retire any of Borrower’s outstanding shares or alter or amend Borrower’s capital structure.

 

Loans,
Acquisitions and Guaranties. 
(1) Loan, invest in or advance money or assets to any other person, enterprise or entity, (2) purchase,
create or acquire any interest in any other enterprise or entity, or (3) incur any obligation as surety or guarantor other than in the
ordinary course of business.

 

Agreements.

Enter into any agreement containing any provisions which would be violated or breached by the performance of Borrower’s obligations
under this Agreement or in connection herewith.

 

CESSATION
OF ADVANCES. 
If Lender has made any commitment to make any Loan to Borrower, whether under this Agreement or under any other agreement,
Lender shall have no obligation to make Loan Advances or to disburse Loan proceeds if : (A) Borrower or any Guarantor is in default under
the terms of this Agreement or any of the Related Documents or any other agreement that Borrower or any Guarantor has with Lender (B)
Borrower or any Guarantor dies, becomes incompetent or becomes insolvent , files a petition in bankruptcy or similar proceedings, or
is adjudged a bankrupt ; (C) there occurs a material adverse change in Borrower’s financial condition, in the financial condition
of any Guarantor, or in the value of any Collateral securing any Loan; or (D) any Guarantor seeks, claims or otherwise attempts to limit,
modify or revoke such Guarantor’s guaranty of the Loan or any other loan with Lender; or (E) Lender in good faith deems itself
insecure, even though no Event of Default shall have occurred .

 

RIGHT
OF SETOFF. 
To the extent permitted by applicable law, Lender reserves a right of setoff in all Borrower’s accounts with Lender
(whether checking, savings, or some other account). This includes all accounts Borrower holds jointly with someone else and all accounts
Borrower may open in the future. However, this does not include any IRA or Keogh accounts, or any trust accounts for which setoff would
be prohibited by law. Borrower authorizes Lender, to the extent permitted by applicable law, to charge or setoff all sums owing on the
Indebtedness against any and all such accounts.

 

DEFAULT.

Each of the following shall constitute an Event of Default under this Agreement:

 

Payment
Default. 
Borrower fails to make any payment when due under the Loan.

 

Other
Defaults. 
Borrower fails to comply with or to perform any other term, obligation, covenant or condition contained in this Agreement
or in any of the Related Documents or to comply with or to perform any term, obligation, covenant or condition contained in any other
agreement between Lender and Borrower.

 

Default
in Favor of Third Parties. 
Borrower or any Grantor defaults under any loan, extension of credit, security agreement, purchase or
sales agreement, or any other agreement, in favor of any other creditor or person that may materially affect any of Borrower’s
or any Grantor’s property or Borrower’s or any Grantor’s ability to repay the Loans or perform their respective obligations
under this Agreement or any of the Related Documents.

 

False
Statements.
 Any warranty, representation or statement made or furnished to Lender by Borrower or on Borrower’s behalf under
this Agreement or the Related Documents is false or misleading in any material respect, either now or at the time made or furnished or
becomes false or misleading at any time thereafter.

 

Insolvency.

The dissolution or termination of Borrower’s existence as a going business, the insolvency of Borrower, the appointment of
a receiver for any part of Borrower’s property, any assignment for the benefit of creditors, any type of creditor workout, or the
commencement of any proceeding under any bankruptcy or insolvency laws by or against Borrower.

 

Defective
Collateralization. 
This Agreement or any of the Related Documents ceases to be in full force and effect (including failure of any
collateral document to create a valid and perfected security interest or lien) at any time and for any reason.

 

Creditor
or Forfeiture Proceedings.
 Commencement of foreclosure or forfeiture proceedings, whether by judicial proceeding, self-help, repossession
or any other method, by any creditor of Borrower or by any governmental agency against any collateral securing the Loan. This includes
a garnishment of any of Borrower’s accounts, including deposit accounts, with Lender. However, this Event of Default shall not
apply if there is a good faith dispute by Borrower as to the validity or reasonableness of the claim which is the basis of the creditor
or forfeiture proceeding and if Borrower gives Lender written notice of the creditor or forfeiture proceeding and deposits with Lender
monies or a surety bond for the creditor or forfeiture proceeding, in an amount determined by Lender, in its sole discretion, as being
an adequate reserve or bond for the dispute.

 

Events
Affecting Guarantor. 
Any of the preceding events occurs with respect to any Guarantor of any of the Indebtedness or any Guarantor
dies or becomes incompetent, or revokes or disputes the validity of, or liability under, any Guaranty of the Indebtedness.

 

Change
in Ownership. 
Any change in ownership of twenty-five percent (25%) or more of the common stock of Borrower.

 

Adverse
Change. 
A material adverse change occurs in Borrower’s financial condition, or Lender believes the prospect of payment or performance
of the Loan is impaired.

 

Insecurity.

Lender in good faith believes itself insecure.

 

 

 

 

 

BUSINESS LOAN AGREEMENT

(Continued)

 

Page 
6

 

 

EFFECT
OF AN EVENT OF DEFAULT. If any Event of Default shall occur, except where otherwise provided in this Agreement or the Related Documents,
all commitments and obligations of Lender under this Agreement or the Related Documents or any other agreement immediately will terminate
(including any obligation to make further Loan Advances or disbursements), and, at Lender’s option, all Indebtedness immediately
will become due and payable, all without notice of any kind to Borrower, except that in the case of an Event of Default of the type described
in the “Insolvency” subsection above, such acceleration shall be automatic and not optional. In addition, Lender shall have
all the rights and remedies provided in the Related Documents or available at law, in equity, or otherwise. Except as may be prohibited
by applicable law, all of Lender’s rights and remedies shall be cumulative and may be exercised singularly or concurrently. Election
by Lender to pursue any remedy shall not exclude pursuit of any other remedy, and an election to make expenditures or to take action
to perform an obligation of Borrower or of any Grantor shall not affect Lender’s right to declare a default and to exercise its
rights and remedies.

 

$125,0
00 .00 LETTER OF CREDIT SUBLIMIT. 
Subject to the availability under the Revolving Line of Credit, and in reliance on the representations
and warranties of Borrower set forth herein, at any time and from time to time from the date hereof through the Business Day immediately
prior to the Revolving Maturity Date, Bank shall issue for the account of Borrower such Letters of Credit as Borrower may request by
delivering to Bank a duly executed letter of credit application on Bank’s standard from ; provided, however, that the outstanding
and undrawn amounts under all such Letters of Credit (i) shall not at any time exceed the Letter of Credit Sublimit, and (ii) shall be
deemed to constitute Advances for the purpose of calculating availability under the Revolving Line of Credit. All Letters of Credit shall
be in form and substance acceptable to Bank in its sole discretion and shall be subject to the terms and conditions of Bank’s form
application and letter of credit agreement. Borrower will pay any standard issuance and other fees that Bank notifies Borrower it will
charge for issuing and processing Letters of Credit. Any letters of credit will need to be cash secured when the revolving line of credit
expires.

 

MISCELLANEOUS
PROVISIONS.
 The following miscellaneous provisions are a part of this Agreement:

 

Amendments.

This Agreement, together with any Related Documents, constitutes the entire understanding and agreement of the parties as to the
matters set forth in this Agreement. No alteration of or amendment to this Agreement shall be effective unless given in writing and signed
by the party or parties sought to be charged or bound by the alteration or amendment.

 

Attorneys’
Fees; Expenses. 
Borrower agrees to pay upon demand all of Lender’s costs and expenses, including Lender’s reasonable
attorneys’ fees and Lender’s legal expenses, incurred in connection with the enforcement of this Agreement. Lender may hire
or pay someone else to help enforce this Agreement, and Borrower shall pay the costs and expenses of such enforcement. Costs and expenses
include Lender’s reasonable attorneys’ fees and legal expenses whether or not there is a lawsuit, including Lender’s
reasonable attorneys’ fees and legal expenses for bankruptcy proceedings (including efforts to modify or vacate any automatic stay
or injunction), appeals, and any anticipated post-judgment collection services. Borrower also shall pay all court costs and such additional
fees as may be directed by the court.

 

Caption
Headings. 
Caption headings in this Agreement are for convenience purposes only and are not to be used to interpret or define the
provisions of this Agreement.

 

Consent
to Loan Participation.
 Borrower agrees and consents to Lender’s sale or transfer, whether now or later, of one or more participation
interests in the Loan to one or more purchasers, whether related or unrelated to Lender. Lender may provide, without any limitation whatsoever,
to any one or more purchasers, or potential purchasers, any information or knowledge Lender may have about Borrower or about any other
matter relating to the Loan, and Borrower hereby waives any rights to privacy Borrower may have with respect to such matters. Borrower
additionally waives any and all notices of sale of participation interests, as well as all notices of any repurchase of such participation
interests. Borrower also agrees that the purchasers of any such participation interests will be considered as the absolute owners of
such interests in the Loan and will have all the rights granted under the participation agreement or agreements governing the sale of
such participation interests. Borrower further waives all rights of offset or counterclaim that it may have now or later against Lender
or against any purchaser of such a participation interest and unconditionally agrees that either Lender or such purchaser may enforce
Borrower’s obligation under the Loan irrespective of the failure or insolvency of any holder of any interest in the Loan. Borrower
further agrees that the purchaser of any such participation interests may enforce its interests irrespective of any personal claims or
defenses that Borrower may have against Lender.

 

Governing
Law. This Agreement will be governed by federal law applicable to Lender and, to the extent not preempted by federal law, the laws of
the State of Texas without regard to its conflicts of law provisions. This Agreement has been accepted by Lender in the State of Texas.

 

Joint
and Several Liability. 
All obligations of Borrower under this Agreement shall be joint and several, and all references to Borrower
shall mean each and every Borrower. This means that each Borrower signing below is responsible for all obligations in this Agreement.
Where any one or more of the parties is a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or similar entity, it is not necessary
for Lender to inquire into the powers of any of the officers, directors, partners, members, or other agents acting or purporting to act
on the entity’s behalf, and any obligations made or created in reliance upon the professed exercise of such powers shall be guaranteed
under this Agreement.

 

No
Waiver by Lender. 
Lender shall not be deemed to have waived any rights under this Agreement unless such waiver is given in writing
and signed by Lender. No delay or omission on the part of Lender in exercising any right shall operate as a waiver of such right or any
other right. A waiver by Lender of a provision of this Agreement shall not prejudice or constitute a waiver of Lender’s right otherwise
to demand strict compliance with that provision or any other provision of this Agreement. No prior waiver by Lender, nor any course of
dealing between Lender and Borrower, or between Lender and any Grantor, shall constitute a waiver of any of Lender’s rights or
of any of Borrower’s or any Grantor’s obligations as to any future transactions. Whenever the consent of Lender is required
under this Agreement, the granting of such consent by Lender in any instance shall not constitute continuing consent to subsequent instances
where such consent is required and in all cases such consent may be granted or withheld in the sole discretion of Lender.

 

Notices.

Any notice required to be given under this Agreement shall be given in writing, and shall be effective when actually delivered, when
actually received by telefacsimile (unless otherwise required by law), when deposited with a nationally recognized overnight courier,
or, if mailed, when deposited in the United States mail, as first class, certified or registered mail postage prepaid, directed to the
addresses shown near the beginning of this Agreement. Any party may change its address for notices under this Agreement by giving formal
written notice to the other parties, specifying that the purpose of the notice is to change the party’s address. For notice purposes,
Borrower agrees to keep Lender informed at all times of Borrower’s current address. Unless otherwise provided or required by law,
if there is more than one Borrower, any notice given by Lender to any Borrower is deemed to be notice given to all Borrowers.

 

Payment
of Interest and Fees. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or any provision of any Related Document , Borrower does
not agree or intend to pay, and Lender does not agree or intend to charge, collect, take, reserve or receive (collectively referred to
herein as “charge or collect”), any amount in the nature of interest or in the nature of a fee for the Loan which would in
any way or event (including demand, prepayment, or acceleration) cause Lender to contract for, charge or collect more for the Loan than
the maximum Lender would be permitted to charge or collect by any applicable federal or Texas state law. Any such excess interest or
unauthorized fee will, instead of anything stated to the contrary, be applied first to reduce the unpaid principal balance of the Loan,
and when the principal has been paid in full, be refunded to Borrower.

 

 

 

 

 

BUSINESS LOAN AGREEMENT

(Continued)

 

Page 
7

 

 

Severability.

If a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of this Agreement to be illegal, invalid, or unenforceable as to any person
or circumstance, that finding shall not make the offending provision illegal, invalid, or unenforceable as to any other person or circumstance.
If feasible, the offending provision shall be considered modified so that it becomes legal, valid and enforceable. If the offending provision
cannot be so modified, it shall be considered deleted from this Agreement. Unless otherwise required by law, the illegality, invalidity,
or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the legality, validity or enforceability of any other provision
of this Agreement.

 

Subsidiaries
and Affiliates of Borrower. 
To the extent the context of any provisions of this Agreement makes it appropriate, including without
limitation any representation, warranty or covenant, the word “Borrower” as used in this Agreement shall include all of Borrower’s
subsidiaries and affiliates. Notwithstanding the foregoing however, under no circumstances shall this Agreement be construed to require
Lender to make any Loan or other financial accommodation to any of Borrower’s subsidiaries or affiliates.

 

Successors
and Assigns. 
All covenants and agreements by or on behalf of Borrower contained in this Agreement or any Related Documents shall
bind Borrower’s successors and assigns and shall inure to the benefit of Lender and its successors and assigns. Borrower shall
not, however, have the right to assign Borrower’s rights under this Agreement or any interest therein, without the prior written
consent of Lender.

 

Survival
of Representations and Warranties. 
Borrower understands and agrees that in extending Loan Advances, Lender is relying on all representations,
warranties, and covenants made by Borrower in this Agreement or in any certificate or other instrument delivered by Borrower to Lender
under this Agreement or the Related Documents. Borrower further agrees that regardless of any investigation made by Lender, all such
representations, warranties and covenants will survive the extension of Loan Advances and delivery to Lender of the Related Documents
, shall be continuing in nature, shall be deemed made and redated by Borrower at the time each Loan Advance is made, and shall remain
in full force and effect until such time as Borrower’s Indebtedness shall be paid in full, or until this Agreement shall be terminated
in the manner provided above, whichever is the last to occur.

 

Time
is of the Essence. 
Time is of the essence in the performance of this Agreement.

 

Waive
Jury. All parties to this Agreement hereby waive the right to any jury trial in any action, proceeding, or counterclaim brought by any
party against any other party.

 

DEFINITIONS.

The following capitalized words and terms shall have the following meanings when used in this Agreement. Unless specifically stated
to the contrary, all references to dollar amounts shall mean amounts in lawful money of the United States of America. Words and terms
used in the singular shall include the plural, and the plural shall include the singular, as the context may require. Words and terms
not otherwise defined in this Agreement shall have the meanings attributed to such terms in the Uniform Commercial Code. Accounting words
and terms not otherwise defined in this Agreement shall have the meanings assigned to them in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles as in effect on the date of this Agreement:

 

Advance.

The word “Advance” means a disbursement of Loan funds made, or to be made, to Borrower or on Borrower’s behalf
on a line of credit or multiple advance basis under the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

 

Agreement.

The word “Agreement” means this Business Loan Agreement, as this Business Loan Agreement may be amended or modified from
time to time, together with all exhibits and schedules attached to this Business Loan Agreement from time to time.

 

Borrower.

The word “Borrower” means OPTEX SYSTEMS, INC.; and OPTEX SYSTEMS HOLDINGS, INC. and includes all co-signers and co-makers
signing the Note and all their successors and assigns.

 

Collateral.

The word “Collateral” means all property and assets granted as collateral security for a Loan , whether real or personal
property, whether granted directly or indirectly , whether granted now or in the future , and whether granted in the form of a security
interest, mortgage, collateral mortgage, deed of trust , assignment, pledge, crop pledge, chattel mortgage, collateral chattel mortgage,
chattel trust, factor’s lien, equipment trust, conditional sale, trust receipt, lien, charge, lien or title retention contract,
lease or consignment intended as a security device, or any other security or lien interest whatsoever, whether created by law, contract,
or otherwise.

 

Environmental
Laws. 
The words “Environmental Laws” mean any and all state, federal and local statutes, regulations and ordinances relating
to the protection of human health or the environment, including without limitation the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation,
and Liability Act of 1980, as amended, 42 U.S.C. Section 9601, et seq. (“CERCLA”), the Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization
Act of 1986, Pub. L. No. 99-499 (“SARA”), the Hazardous Materials Transportation Act, 49 U.S.C. Section 1801, et seq., the
Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, 42 U.S.C. Section 6901, et seq., or other applicable state or federal laws, rules, or regulations
adopted pursuant thereto .

 

Event
of Default. 
The words “Event of Default” mean any of the events of default set forth in this Agreement in the default
section of this Agreement.

 

GAAP.

The word “GAAP” means generally accepted accounting principles.

 

Grantor.

The word “Grantor’’ means each and all of the persons or entities granting a Security Interest in any Collateral
for the Loan, including without limitation all Borrowers granting such a Security Interest.

 

Guarantor.

The word “Guarantor” means any guarantor, surety, or accommodation party of any or all of the Loan.

 

Guaranty.

The word “Guaranty” means the guaranty from Guarantor to Lender, including without limitation a guaranty of all or part
of the Note.

 

Hazardous
Substances. 
The words “Hazardous Substances” mean materials that, because of their quantity, concentration or physical,
chemical or infectious characteristics, may cause or pose a present or potential hazard to human health or the environment when improperly
used, treated, stored, disposed of, generated, manufactured, transported or otherwise handled. The words “Hazardous Substances”
are used in their very broadest sense and include without limitation any and all hazardous or toxic substances, materials or waste as
defined by or listed under the Environmental Laws. The term “Hazardous Substances” also includes, without limitation, petroleum
and petroleum by-products or any fraction thereof and asbestos.

 

Indebtedness.

The word “Indebtedness” means the indebtedness evidenced by the Note or Related Documents, including all principal and
interest together with all other indebtedness and costs and expenses for which Borrower is responsible under this Agreement or under
any of the Related Documents.

 

Lender.

The word “Lender” means Texas Capital Bank, its successors and assigns.

 

Loan.

The word “Loan” means any and all loans and financial accommodations from Lender to Borrower whether now or hereafter
existing, and however evidenced, including without limitation those loans and financial accommodations described herein or described
on any exhibit or schedule attached to this Agreement from time to time.

 

 

 

 

 

BUSINESS LOAN AGREEMENT

(Continued)

 

Page 
8

 

 

Note.

The word “Note” means Promissory Note from Borrower to Lender dated March 22, 2023 in the original amount of Three Million
and no /100 dollars ($3 ,000 ,000 .00) and that certain Commercial Credit Card Guidance Line in the amount of $200 ,000 .00 issued by
Texas Capital Bank.

 

OCBOA.

The term “OCBOA” means Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting, as designated by Lender in writing as an acceptable alternative
to GAAP.

 

Permitted
Liens. 
The words “Permitted Liens” mean (1) liens and security interests securing Indebtedness owed by Borrower to Lender;
(2) liens for taxes, assessments, or similar charges either not yet due or being contested in good faith ; (3) liens of materialmen,
mechanics, warehousemen, or carriers, or other like liens arising in the ordinary course of business and securing obligations which are
not yet delinquent; (4) purchase money liens or purchase money security interests upon or in any property acquired or held by Borrower
in the ordinary course of business to secure indebtedness outstanding on the date of this Agreement or permitted to be incurred under
the paragraph of this Agreement titled “Indebtedness and Liens” ; (5) liens and security interests which , as of the date
of this Agreement, have been disclosed to and approved by the Lender in writing; and (6) those liens and security interests which in
the aggregate constitute an immaterial and insignificant monetary amount with respect to the net value of Borrower’s assets.

 

Related
Documents. 
The words “Related Documents” mean all promissory notes, credit agreements, loan agreements, environmental
agreements, guaranties, security agreements, mortgages, deeds of trust, security deeds, collateral mortgages, and all other instruments,
agreements and documents, whether now or hereafter existing, executed in connection with the Loan.

 

Security
Agreement. 
The words “Security Agreement” mean and include without limitation any agreements, promises, covenants, arrangements,
understandings or other agreements, whether created by law, contract, or otherwise, evidencing, governing, representing, or creating
a Security Interest.

 

Security
Interest. 
The words “Security Interest” mean, without limitation, any and all types of collateral security, present and
future , whether in the form of a lien , charge , encumbrance, mortgage, deed of trust , security deed, assignment, pledge, crop pledge,
chattel mortgage, collateral chattel mortgage, chattel trust , factor’s lien, equipment trust , conditional sale, trust receipt,
lien or title retention contract, lease or consignment intended as a security device, or any other security or lien interest whatsoever
whether created by law, contract, or otherwise.

 

BORROWER
ACKNOWLEDGES HAVING READ ALL THE PROVISIONS OF THIS BUSINESS LOAN AGREEMENT AND BORROWER AGREES TO ITS TERMS. THIS BUSINESS LOAN AGREEMENT
IS DATED MARCH 22, 2023.

 

 

 

BORROWER:

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

OPTEX
 SYSTEMS INC.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

By:
 /s/ Karen L. Hawkins

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Financial
 Officer of OPTEX SYSTEMS, INC.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

OPTEX
 SYSTEMS HOLDINGS, INC.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

By:
 /s/ Karen L. Hawkins

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Financial
 Officer of OPTEX SYSTEMS HOLDINGS, INC.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

LENDER:

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

TEXAS
 CAPITAL BANK

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

By:
 /s/ Eric Flores

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Vice
 President

 

 

 

 

 

 

LaserPro,
Ver. 22.3.0 .039 Copr. Finastra USA Corporation 1997, 2023. All Rights Reserved. - TX C:ILASERPRO\CFI\LPLIC40.FC TR-23341 PR-4

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

PROMISSORY
NOTE

 

 

 

 

Borrower:

 

OPTEX
 SYSTEMS, INC.

 

 

 

Lender:

 

Texas
 Capital Bank

 

 

 

 

OPTEX
 SYSTEMS HOLDINGS, INC.

 1420 Presidential Dr.

 Richardson, TX 75081

 

 

 

 

 

McKinney
 Office, Middle Market Banking

 

2000
 McKinney Ave., Suite 700

 

Dallas,
 TX 75201

 

(214)
 932-6600

 

 

 

 

 

 

Principal
 Amount: $3,000,000.00

 

Date
 of Note: March 22, 2023

 

 

PROMISE
TO 
PAY. 
OPTEX SYSTEMS, INC.; and OPTEX SYSTEMS HOLDINGS, INC. (“Borrower”) jointly and severally promise to pay to

Texas Capital Bank (“Lender”), or order, 
in 
lawful money of the United States of America, the principal amount
of Three Million 
& 
00/100 Dollars ($3,000,000 .00) or so much as may be outstanding, together with interest on the unpaid
outstanding principal balance of each advance. Interest shall be calculated from the date of each advance until repayment of each advance
or maturity, whichever occurs first.

 

CHOICE
OF USURY CEILING AND INTEREST RATE. 
The interest rate on this Note has been implemented under the “Weekly Ceiling” as
referred to in Sections 303 .002 and 303 .003 of the Texas Finance Code.

 

PAYMENT.
Borrower will pay this loan in one payment of all outstanding principal plus all accrued unpaid interest on May 22, 2025. In addition,
Borrower will pay regular monthly payments of all accrued unpaid interest due as of each payment date, beginning April 22, 2023, with
all subsequent interest payments to be due on the same day of each month after that. Unless otherwise agreed or required by applicable
law, payments will be applied first to any accrued unpaid interest; then to principal; then to any unpaid collection costs; and then
to any late charges. Borrower will pay Lender at Lender’s address shown above or at such other place as Lender may designate in
writing. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Note, Lender will not charge interest on any undisbursed loan proceeds. No scheduled
payment, whether of principal or interest or both, will be due unless sufficient loan funds have been disbursed by the scheduled payment
date to justify the payment.

 

VARIABLE
INTEREST RATE. 
The interest rate on this Note is subject to change from time to time based on changes in an index which is the rate,
per annum and adjusted as described herein, equal to the secured overnight financing rate for such business day published by the SOFR
Administrator on the SOFR Administrators website (or any successor source identified by the SOFR administrator or designated by Lender)
at approximately 8:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the immediately succeeding business day (the “Index”). The Index is not
necessarily the lowest rate charged by Lender on its loans and is set by Lender in its sole discretion. Lender will tell Borrower the
current Index rate upon Borrower’s request. The interest rate change will not occur more often than each month, if Term SOFR shall
be less than 0%, then such rate shall be deemed 0% for the purposes of calculating the Index. Borrower understands that Lender may make
loans based on other rates as well. 
The Index currently is 4.751% per annum. 
Interest prior to maturity on the unpaid principal
balance of this Note will be calculated as described in the “INTEREST CALCULATION METHOD” paragraph using a rate of 2.750
percentage points over the Index (the “Margin”), resulting in an initial rate of 7.501 % per annum based on a year of 360
days. For each interest rate change, the new interest rate will be determined using the most recent Index figure available as of 2 days
before the date of the scheduled interest rate change. If Lender determines, in its sole discretion, that the Index has become unavailable
or unreliable, either temporarily, indefinitely, or permanently, during the term of this Note, Lender may amend this Note by designating
a substantially similar substitute index. Lender may also amend and adjust the Margin to accompany the substitute index. The change to
the Margin may be a positive or negative value, or zero. In making these amendments, Lender may take into consideration any then-prevailing
market convention for selecting a substitute index and margin for the specific Index that is unavailable or unreliable. Such an amendment
to the terms of this Note will become effective and bind Borrower 10 business days after Lender gives written notice to Borrower without
any action or consent of the Borrower. NOTICE: Under no circumstances will the interest rate on this Note be more than the maximum rate
allowed by applicable law. For purposes of this Note, the “maximum rate allowed by applicable law” means the greater of (A)
the maximum rate of interest permitted under federal or other law applicable to the indebtedness evidenced by this Note, or (B) the “Weekly
Ceiling” as referred to in Sections 303 .002 and 303 .003 of the Texas Finance Code.

 

INTEREST
CALCULATION METHOD. Interest on this Note is computed on a 365/360 basis; that is, by applying the ratio of the interest rate over a
year of 360 days, multiplied by the outstanding principal balance, multiplied by the actual number of days the principal balance is outstanding,
unless such calculation would result in a usurious rate, in which case interest shall be calculated on a per diem basis of a year of

 

365
or 366 days, as the case may be. All interest payable under this Note is computed using this method. This calculation method results
in a higher effective interest rate than the numeric interest rate stated in this Note.

 

PREPAYMENT.

Borrower agrees that all loan fees and other prepaid finance charges are earned fully as of the date of the loan and will not be
subject to refund upon early payment (whether voluntary or as a result of default), except as otherwise required by law. Except for the
foregoing, Borrower may pay without penalty all or a portion of the amount owed earlier than it is due. Prepayment in full shall consist
of payment of the remaining unpaid principal balance together with all accrued and unpaid interest and all other amounts, costs and expenses
for which Borrower is responsible under this Note or any other agreement with Lender pertaining to this loan, and in no event will Borrower
ever be required to pay any unearned interest. Early payments will not, unless agreed to by Lender in writing, relieve Borrower of Borrower’s
obligation to continue to make payments of accrued unpaid interest. Rather, early payments will reduce the principal balance due. Borrower
agrees not to send Lender payments marked “paid in full”, “without recourse”, or similar language. If Borrower
sends such a payment, Lender may accept it without losing any of Lender’s rights under this Note, and Borrower will remain obligated
to pay any further amount owed to Lender. 
All written communications concerning disputed amounts, including any check or other payment
instrument that indicates that the payment constitutes “payment in full” of the amount owed or that is tendered with other
conditions or limitations or as full satisfaction of a disputed amount must be mailed or delivered to: Texas Capital Bank, 2350 Lakeside
Blvd, Suite 800 Richardson, TX 75082.

 

LATE
CHARGE.
 If a payment remains unpaid after 15 days or more from the date such payment is due, Bank may charge a late charge equal
to 5% of the delinquent payment, subject to the General Provisions.

 

INTEREST
AFTER DEFAULT. 
Upon default, or if this Note is not paid at final maturity, Lender, at Lender’s option, may add any unpaid
accrued interest to principal and such sum will bear interest therefrom until paid, at the Post Maturity Rate provided in this Note.
Upon default, the interest rate on this Note shall be increased by adding an additional 4.000 percentage point margin (“Default
Rate Margin”). The additional Default Rate Margin shall also apply to each succeeding interest rate change that would have applied
had there been no default. However, in no event will the interest rate exceed the maximum interest rate limitations under applicable
law.

 

 

 

 

 

PROMISSORY NOTE

(Continued)

 

Page 
3

 

 

DEFAULT.

Each of the following shall constitute an event of default (“Event of Default”) under this Note:

 

Payment
Default. 
Borrower fails to make any payment when due under this Note.

 

intend
to pay, and Lender does not agree or intend to contract for, charge, collect, take, reserve or receive (collectively referred to herein
as “charge or collect”) , any amount in the nature of interest or in the nature of a fee for this loan, which would in any
way or event (including demand, prepayment, or acceleration) cause Lender to charge or collect more for this loan than the maximum Lender
would be permitted to charge or collect by federal law or the law of the State of Texas (as applicable). Any such excess interest or
unauthorized fee shall, instead of anything stated to the contrary, be applied first to reduce the principal balance of this loan, and
when the principal has been paid in full, be refunded to Borrower. The right to accelerate maturity of sums due under this Note does
not include the right to accelerate any interest which has not otherwise accrued on the date of such acceleration, and Lender does not
intend to charge or collect any unearned interest in the event of acceleration. All sums paid or agreed to be paid to Lender for the
use, forbearance or detention of sums due hereunder shall, to the extent permitted by applicable law, be amortized, prorated, allocated
and spread throughout the full term of the loan evidenced by this Note until payment in full so that the rate or amount of interest on
account of the loan evidenced hereby does not exceed the applicable usury ceiling. Lender may delay or forgo enforcing any of its rights
or remedies under this Note without losing them. Each Borrower understands and agrees that , with or without notice to Borrower, Lender
may with respect to any other Borrower (a) make one or more additional secured or unsecured loans or otherwise extend additional credit
; (b) alter , compromise, renew, extend, accelerate, or otherwise change one or more times the time for payment or other terms of any
indebtedness, including increases and decreases of the rate of interest on the indebtedness; (c) exchange , enforce, waive, subordinate,
fail or decide not to perfect, and release any security , with or without the substitution of new collateral; (d) apply such security
and direct the order or manner of sale thereof , including without limitation, any non-judicial sale permitted by the terms of the controlling
security agreements, as Lender in its discretion may determine; (e) release , substitute , agree not to sue, or deal with any one or
more of Borrower’s sureties, endorsers, or other guarantors on any terms or in any manner Lender may choose; and (f) determine
how, when and what application of payments and credits shall be made on any other indebtedness owing by such other Borrower. Borrower
and any other person who signs, guarantees or endorses this Note, to the extent allowed by law, waive presentment, demand for payment,
notice of dishonor, notice of intent to accelerate the maturity of this Note, and notice of acceleration of the maturity of this Note.
Upon any change in the terms of this Note, and unless otherwise expressly stated in writing, no party who signs this Note, whether as
maker, guarantor, accommodation maker or endorser, shall be released from liability. All such parties agree that Lender may renew or
extend (repeatedly and for any length of time) this loan or release any party or guarantor or collateral; or impair, fail to realize
upon or perfect Lender’s security interest in the collateral without the consent of or notice to anyone. All such parties also
agree that Lender may modify this loan without the consent of or notice to anyone other than the party with whom the modification is
made. The obligations under this Note are joint and several.

 

PRIOR
TO SIGNING THIS NOTE, EACH BORROWER READ AND UNDERSTOOD ALL THE PROVISIONS OF THIS NOTE, INCLUDING THE VARIABLE INTEREST RATE PROVISIONS.
EACH BORROWER AGREES TO THE TERMS OF THE NOTE.

 

BORROWER
ACKNOWLEDGES RECEIPT OF A COMPLETED COPY OF THIS PROMISSORY NOTE. BORROWER:

 

 

 

OPTEX
 SYSTEMS INC.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

By:
 /s/ Karen L. Hawkins

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Financial
 Officer of OPTEX SYSTEMS, INC.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

OPTEX
 SYSTEMS HOLDINGS, INC.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

By:
 /s/ Karen L. Hawkins

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Financial
 Officer of OPTEX SYSTEMS HOLDINGS, INC.

 

 

 

 

 

 

LaserPro,
Ver. 22.3.0.039 Copr. Finastra USA Corporation 1997, 2023. All Rights Reserved. - TX C:I LASERPRO\CFI\LPL\020.FC TR-23341 PR-4