EX-10.8

9

ex10-8.htm

 

 

Exhibit
10.8 

 

FIRST
AMENDMENT OF

LOAN
AND SECURITY AGREEMENT

 

THIS
FIRST AMENDMENT OF LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT (“Amendment”) is made as of the 22nd day of November, 2024 between NVK FINANCE,
LLC, a Nebraska limited liability company (“Lender”), SCIENTURE, LLC (“Borrower”), a Delaware limited liability
company and successor by merger of Scienture, Inc., Scienture Holdings, Inc., the sole member of Borrower (“Holdings”), Srivatsav,
LLC and Shankar Hariharan. This Amendment amends that certain Loan and Security Agreement dated September 8, 2023 between Lender and
Borrower (as amended, the “Loan Agreement”).

 

WHEREAS,
pursuant to the Loan Agreement and the other Loan Documents, Lender extended the Term Loan described in the Loan Agreement to Borrower;

 

WHEREAS,
Holdings has entered into that certain Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of the date of this Amendment (the “Purchase Agreement”)
with the Purchasers party to the Purchase Agreement, under which Holdings has agreed to sell to such Purchasers securities of Holdings
under the terms and conditions of the Purchase Agreement;

 

WHEREAS,
upon the First Closing Date, Borrower shall guarantee the obligations of Holdings under the Purchase Agreement pursuant to that certain
Guarantee dated of even date with the Purchase Agreement (the “Guaranty”);

 

WHEREAS,
Borrower shall secure its obligations under the Guaranty and Holdings shall secure its obligations under the Purchase Agreement with
the Collateral defined and described in that certain Security Agreement to be executed on or before the First Closing Date (the “Security
Agreement”);

 

WHEREAS,
the Collateral under the Security Agreement also secures the Term Loan and Lender and the Agent for the Purchasers shall, on or prior
to the First Closing Date, enter into that certain Intercreditor Agreement (the “Intercreditor Agreement”) to allocate their
respective priorities and rights with respect to such Collateral;

 

WHEREAS,
Borrower has requested that Lender consent to the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement and the Transaction Documents (as
defined in the Purchase Agreement), and Lender has conditioned its consent to such transactions on the conditions that the Intercreditor
Agreement be executed and delivered by each party thereto contemporaneously with the closing of the Purchase Agreement, that the interest
payments due under the Loan Agreement be modified as provided for in this Amendment, and that Lender, or a Person designated by Lender
(“Designee”), be conveyed 50,000 shares of common stock of Holdings in the aggregate owned and held by Srivatsav, LLC and
Shankar Hariharan in accordance with the terms of this Amendment (the “Shares”);

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

WHEREAS,
the Shares are subject to certain restrictions set forth in lockup agreements executed by Srivatsav, LLC and Shankar Hariharan, dated
July 25, 2024 (the “Lock-Up Restrictions”); and

 

WHEREAS,
Borrower and Lender desire to modify the Loan Agreement as provided for in this Amendment.

 

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the amendments of the Loan Agreement and the terms set forth below, the mutual covenants herein and other
good and valuable consideration, the sufficiency and receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties agree to amend the Loan Agreement
as follows:

 

1. Capitalized
terms used in this Amendment which are defined in the Loan Agreement shall have the meanings given to them in the Loan Agreement, as
such definitions may be amended by this Amendment. The provisions of this Amendment shall become effective on the date of this Amendment.

 

2. Section
2.2(a) of the Loan Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and the following is inserted in lieu thereof:

 

(a) 
Payments
.
On the Second Closing Date, the Borrower shall pay all accrued and unpaid interest outstanding on the Term Loan on such date, at the
rate set forth in Section 2.3(a). Commencing on the date that is one (1) month following the Second Closing Date, the Borrower shall
make monthly payments of interest at the rate set forth in Section 2.3(a), in arrears, and continuing on the same day of each month thereafter
until the Maturity Date when all accrued and unpaid interest on the Term Loan shall be paid in full by the Borrower. Borrower shall pay
the outstanding principal balance of the Term Loan in full on the Maturity Date.

 

3. Section
13 of the Loan Agreement is amended to add the following new defined terms in the appropriate alphabetical order:

 

“First
Closing Date” 
has the meaning given to such term in the Purchase Agreement.

 

“Holdings”

means Scienture Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its successors and assigns, the sole member of the Borrower.

 

“Intercreditor
Agreement”
 means that Intercreditor Agreement of even date with the Purchase Agreement among Lender, Purchasers and the Agent
(as defined in such Intercreditor Agreement), as amended, restated, or otherwise modified.

 

“Purchase
Agreement”
 means collectively, that certain Securities Purchase Agreement dated November 21, 2024 among Holdings and the Purchasers
from time to time party thereto, and the other Transaction Documents, all as amended, restated, or otherwise modified.

 

 

2

 

 

 

 

“Purchasers”

has the meaning given to such term in the Purchase Agreement.

 

“Second
Closing Date”
 has the meaning given to such term in the Purchase Agreement.

 

“Transaction
Documents”
 has the meaning given to such term in the Purchase Agreement.

 

4. The
defined term “Loan Documents” in Section 13 is amended to include the Intercreditor Agreement.

 

5. Pursuant
to the Loan Agreement, Borrower is prohibited from incurring Indebtedness other than Permitted Indebtedness or granting Liens other than
Permitted Liens without the prior written consent of Lender. The Purchase Agreement and Transaction Documents create Indebtedness and
Liens requiring Lender’s consent. Borrower has requested Lender’s consent to the transactions contemplated by the Purchase
Agreement and Transaction Documents. Conditioned upon (a) the transaction contemplated by the Purchase Agreement and Transaction Documents
being consummated strictly in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Purchase Agreement and Transaction Documents in the form
provided to Lender for consent, and (b) no later than the latter of (x) two (2) trading days after the consummation of the transaction
contemplated by the Purchase Agreement and Transaction Documents, and (y) two (2) trading days after Lender notifies Borrower of the
name of Lender’s Designee, Srivatsav, LLC and Shankar Hariharan convey to Lender, or Designee, the Shares and making such representations
and warranties with respect to such stock and its transfer, and taking such actions as are reasonably required by Holdings, Lender or
Designee to transfer and convey such shares to Lender or Designee, including without limitation, any requested legal opinions, Lender
consents to the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement and Transaction Documents. Srivatsav, LLC’s and Shankar Hariharan’s
failure to convey to Lender such shares of Holdings shall constitute and Event of Default under the Loan Agreement. Holdings, Srivatsav,
LLC and Shankar Hariharan are executing this Amendment to confirm and evidence their respective obligations under this Section, and they
agree to be contractually and legally bound to comply with their obligations under this Section. Each of Srivatsav, LLC and Shankar Hariharan
acknowledge that they have an economic interest in Borrower, will directly benefit by and from the continuation of the Term Loan by Lender
to Borrower, has received legal and adequate consideration for the conveyance of the stock contemplated above, and has executed and delivered
this Amendment to Lender in good faith in exchange for reasonably equivalent value. Lender agrees that if it designates a Designee, such
Designee shall have an economic interest in Lender, and will directly benefit by and from the continuation of the Term Loan by Lender
to Borrower. Lender, on behalf of itself and Designee, if applicable, further agrees and acknowledges that the Shares shall continue
to be subject to the Lock-Up Restrictions until such time as those restrictions terminate pursuant to their terms.

 

 

3

 

 

 

 

The
foregoing consent shall only apply to the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement and Transaction Documents. Such consent
shall not be deemed (i) to be a waiver of, or consent to, or a modification or amendment of, any other term, condition, or covenant of
the Loan Agreement or any other Loan Document other than as expressly set forth in this Amendment, (ii) to prejudice any right or rights
which Lender may now have or may have in the future under or in connection with the Loan Agreement or the other Loan Documents or any
of the instruments or agreements referred to therein, as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented or modified from time to time,
or (iii) to be a commitment or any other undertaking or expression of any willingness to engage in any further discussion with Borrower,
Holdings, or any other Person with respect to any other consent, waiver, amendment, modification or any other change to the Loan Agreement
or the Loan Documents or any rights or remedies arising in favor of Lender under or with respect to any such documents. Such consent
provides a one-time consent only for the matters and periods described in this Amendment. It does not establish any pattern, practice,
or course of dealing with respect to compliance strictly with the terms of the Loan Agreement and other Loan Documents.

 

6. Holdings
hereby consents to the transfer of the Shares from Srivatsav, LLC and Shankar Hariharan to Lender or Designee, subject to the Shares
remaining subject to Lock-Up Restrictions until such time as those restrictions terminate pursuant to their terms.

 

7. Except
as modified in this Amendment, all other terms, provisions, conditions and obligations imposed under the terms of the Loan Agreement
and the other Loan Documents shall remain in full force and effect and are hereby ratified, affirmed, assumed, and certified by Borrower
and Lender. Borrower hereby ratifies and affirms the accuracy and completeness of all representations and warranties contained in the
Loan Documents. Borrower represents and warrants to the Lender that the representations and warranties set forth in the Loan Agreement,
and each of the other Loan Documents, are true and complete on the date hereof as if made on and as of the date hereof (or, if any such
representation or warranty is expressly stated to have been made as of a specific date, such representation or warranty shall be true
and correct as of such specific date), and as if each reference in the Loan Agreement to “this Agreement” included references
to this Amendment. Borrower represents, warrants, and confirms to the Lender that no Default or Events of Default is now existing under
the Loan Documents and that no event or condition exists which would constitute a Default or an Event of Default under the Loan Agreement
or any other Loan Document. Nothing contained in this Amendment either before or after giving effect thereto, will cause or trigger a
Default or an Event of Default under any Loan Document. To the extent necessary, the Loan Documents are hereby amended consistent with
the amendments provided for in this Amendment.

 

8. This
Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed to be an original
and all of which counterparts, taken together, shall constitute but one and the same instrument. This Amendment shall be governed by
and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, exclusive of its choice of laws rules.

 

 

4

 

 

 

 

9. The
execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not, except as expressly provided in this Amendment, operate as a waiver
of any right, power or remedy of the Lender under any of the Loan Documents, nor, except as expressly provided in this Amendment, constitute
a waiver or amendment of any provision of any of the Loan Documents. Upon and after the execution of this Amendment by each of the parties
hereto, each reference in the Loan Agreement to “this Agreement”, “hereunder”, “hereof” or words
or phrases of like import referring to the Loan Agreement, and each reference in the other Loan Documents to the “Loan Agreement”,
“thereunder”, “thereof” or words or phrases of like import referring to the Loan Agreement, shall mean and be
a reference to the Loan Agreement as modified by this Amendment. This Amendment and the rights evidenced by this Amendment shall inure
to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the parties hereto, and shall be enforceable by any such
successors and assigns. Borrower will pay on demand all costs and expenses incurred by Lender in connection with the preparation, execution,
delivery, filing, and administration of this Amendment (including, without limitation, legal fees incurred in connection with the preparation
of this Amendment and advising Lender as to its rights, and the cost of any credit verification reports or field examinations of Borrower’s
properties or books and records). Borrower’s obligations to Lender under this Section shall survive the termination of this Amendment
or the Loan Agreement and the repayment of Borrower’s Obligations to Lender under the Loan Agreement and other Loan Documents.

 

10. The
Borrower absolutely, unconditionally, and irrevocably release and forever discharge the Lender, and any and all participants, parent
corporations, subsidiary corporations, affiliated corporations, insurers, indemnitors, successors, and assigns of each of the foregoing,
together with all of the present and former directors, members, managers, officers, agents, and employees of any of the foregoing, from
any and all claims, demands, liabilities, damages, or causes of action of any kind, nature, or description, whether arising in law or
equity or upon contract, tort, or strict liability, or under any state or federal law, or otherwise, which the Borrower has had, now
has, or has made claim to have against any such Person for or by reason of any act, omission, matter, cause, or thing whatsoever arising
from the beginning of time to and including the date of this Amendment, whether such claims, demands, liabilities, damages, and causes
of action are matured or unmatured or known or unknown.

 

[SIGNATURE
PAGE FOLLOWS]

 

 

5

 

 

 

 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed and delivered this Amendment on the date first written above.

 

 

 

 

 

NVK
 FINANCE, LLC, a Nebraska limited liability company

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

By
 its Manager, NVK Management, LLC

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

By:

 

/s/
 Arun Agarwal

 

 

 

 

 

 

Arun
 Agarwal, Manager

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

SCIENTURE,
 LLC, Delaware limited liability company

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

By
 its Manager, Scienture Holdings, Inc.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

By:

 

/s/
 Surendra Ajjarapu

 

 

 

 

 

 

Surendra
 Ajjarapu, CEO

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Srivatsav,
 LLC

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

By:

 

/s/
 Mani Narasimhan

 

 

 

 

 

 

Mani
 Narasimhan, Director

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

/s/ Shankar Hariharan

 

 

 

 

Shankar Hariharan

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

SCIENTURE
 HOLDINGS, INC.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

By:

 

/s/
 
Surendra Ajjarapu

 

 

 

 

 

 

Surendra
 Ajjarapu, CEO

 

 

 

6