EX-10.3

4

ex10-3.htm

REVOLVING LOAN AGREEMENT AMENDMENT

 

 

 

Solesence, Inc. 8-K

Exhibit 10.3

 

THIRD AMENDMENT TO BUSINESS LOAN AGREEMENT

 

This Third Amendment is dated
as of May 27, 2025 and is by and between 
SOLÉSENCE, INC.
, a Delaware corporation (F/K/A 
NANOPHASE TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION)

(“Borrower”) in favor of 
BEACHCORP, LLC
, a Delaware limited liability company (“Lender”) and amends that
certain Business Loan Agreement dated as of January 28, 2022 ( as amended, “Loan Agreement”) between Borrower and Lender (the
“Loan Agreement”).

 

1.            Borrower
and Lender hereby agree to amend the Loan Agreement as follows:

 

 (a)        Section 1.1(b) is hereby amended in its entirety to read as follows:

 

(b)       Revolving
Loans.
 Lender will make Loans on a revolving basis (individually a “Revolving Loan” and collectively the “Revolving
Loans”) to Borrower until the Revolving Maturity Date in such amounts as Borrower may request in accordance with this Agreement;
provided that the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Revolving Loans may not exceed at any time the lesser of (i) the $10,000,000.00
and (ii) the Borrowing Base, as calculated using the Borrower’s inventory balances calculated in conjunction with the closing of
its financial statements for each month. Each Revolving Loan shall be in the minimum amount of $10,000.00. Borrower shall pay interest
on the Loans in accordance with Section 1.5 hereof, with payment thereof in arrears to be made on the last day of each calendar quarter,
with the first such payment due on June 30, 2025. Each Revolving Loan shall be repaid in full on the sooner of (a) a determination that
the Revolving Loans exceed the Borrowing Base established based on the most recently provided Borrowing Base Certificate, and (b) the
Revolving Maturity Date. The Revolving Loans shall be evidenced by the Revolving Note. The Revolving Loans may be prepaid at any time
without penalty or fee. 

 

(b)       Section 7.1 is hereby amended by amending the definition of “Revolving Maturity Date” in its entirety to read as follows:

 

“
Revolving
Maturity Date.
 The words “Revolving Maturity Date” mean “April 30, 2027.”

 

(c)       Section
7.1 is hereby amended by amending the definition of “Revolving Note” in its entirety to read as follows:

 

“
Revolving Note.
 The words
“Revolving Note” mean the Second Replacement Promissory Note (Revolving Note) from Borrower to Lender dated as of May 27,
2025 in the principal amount of $10,000,000.00, together with all renewals of, extensions of, modifications of, refinancings of, consolidations
of, and substitutions for such promissory note.”

 

2.            Borrower
represents to the Lender that it has no defenses, setoffs, claims or counterclaims of any kind or nature whatsoever against Lender in
connection with the Loan Agreement or any Related Documents (as defined therein (collectively with the Loan Agreement, the “Loan
Documents”), and any amendments to said documents or any action taken or not taken by the Lender with respect thereto or with respect
to the collateral. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Borrower hereby releases and forever discharges Lender, its affiliates,
and each of its officers, managers, agents, employees, attorneys, insurers, successors and assigns, from any and all liabilities, or causes
of action, known or unknown, arising out of any action or inaction with respect to the Loan Documents.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

3.            Except
as modified hereby, the Loan Agreement is hereby ratified and affirmed in all respects.

 

 

SOLÉSENCE, INC.

 

 

 

BEACHCORP, LLC

 

 

 

(F/K/A NANOPHASE TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
By:

 
/S/ JESS JANKOWSKI

 
 

 
By:

 
/S/ BRADFORD T. WHITMORE

 
 

 
 

 
Jess Jankowski

 
 

 
 

 
Bradford T. Whitmore

 
 

 
 

 
President & Chief Executive
 Officer

 
 

 
 

 
Manager

 
 

 

Acknowledged:

 

SOLÉSENCE, LLC 

 

 
By:

 
/S/ JESS JANKOWSKI

 
 

 
Name:

 
Jess Jankowski

 
 

 
Its:

 
President & Chief Executive Officer