EX-10.3

4

ex10_3.htm

EXHIBIT 10.3

 

 

Exhibit 10.3

 

 

 

MASTER LOAN AGREEMENT

 

This Master Loan Agreement (the “
Agreement
”),
by and between Zen Credit Ventures, LLC and its successors or assigns (“
ZCV
”) and 

Verify
Me Inc.

 and its permitted successors and assigns (“
Lender
”) is effective this 

August
7, 2025

 the first day on which all parties hereto have executed it. ZCV, Lender and any of their permitted successors or assigns
are hereinafter referred to as the “
Parties
”.

 

The Lender agrees to lend 
TWO MILLION DOLLARS

to ZCV (hereinafter the “
Initial Loan
”) and on the date of receipt of the Initial Loan funds into ZCV’s depository
account as cleared funds, ZCV shall issue to Lender an executed Promissory Note (“
Note
”), with a payment schedule and
terms in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. In the event that Lender and ZCV agree that Lender will lend additional funds to
ZCV, any additional loans (each, an “
Additional Loan
”) shall be subject to this Agreement and ZCV shall issue Lender
a separate Note with respect to each Additional Loan, with a payment schedule and terms in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

 

1.

Interest. 

 

(a)

Interest Rate

. Except as provided in Section 2(d), principal amounts outstanding under this
Agreement and any Notes shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to 
SIXTEEN PERCENT
 (the “
Interest Rate
”).

 

(b)

Grace Period

. Interest Rate shall begin to accrue on the Loan or any Additional Loan fourteen
(14) business days after the Loan funds have been received into ZCV’s depository account as cleared funds ZCV (“
Grace Period
”),
and the Note shall bear the date of the day after the Grace Period.

 

(c)

Computation of Interest

. All computations of interest hereunder shall be made on the basis
of a year of 365 days, and the actual number of days elapsed. Interest shall begin to accrue on the Loan on the date of this Note. On
any portion of the Initial Loan or any Additional Loan that is repaid, interest shall not accrue on the date on which such payment is
made.

 

(d)

Interest Rate Limitation

. If at any time the interest rate payable on the Initial Loan or
any Additional Loan (or on any Note) shall exceed the maximum rate of interest permitted under applicable law, such interest rate shall
be reduced automatically to the maximum rate permitted.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

2.

Term of Note & Repayment

 

(a)

Repayment Obligation

. The obligation to repay the Note is unconditional and is not subject
to the underlying performance of ZCV.

 

(b)

Payment Schedule

. The interest on the Loan shall be payable in 3 equal installments, beginning
every third month after the Grace Period for the term of the Note 
(e.g
., $12,000 for each installment on a $300,000 Loan).

 

(c)

Term of Note

. On the conclusion of NINE (9) months from the specified date of each Note’s
issuance (the “
Note Maturity Date
”), all amounts outstanding under that Note, and the corresponding Loan or Additional
Loan, including principal, accrued and unpaid interest shall be due and payable.

 

(d)

Prepayment

. ZCV may prepay the Initial Loan or any Additional Loan in whole or in part at
any time or from time to time without penalty or premium by repaying the principal amount to be prepaid, together with accrued interest
thereon to the date of prepayment.

 

3.

Payment; Mechanics
.

 

(a)

Manner of Payment

. All payments of principal and interest shall be made in US dollars no
later than 12:00 PM on the date on which such payment is due. Such payments shall be made by wire transfer to the Lender account at a
bank specified by the Lender in writing to ZCV from time to time and shall be deemed made when a wire transfer is received by Lender in
its designated depository account, which for the avoidance of doubt shall not be a subaccount with a broker-dealer.

 

(b)

Application of Payments

. All payments shall be applied, first, to accrued interest, and
second, to principal outstanding under this Note.

 

(c)

Business Day

. Whenever any payment hereunder is due on a day that is not a Business Day,
such payment shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day. “
Business Day
” means a day other than Saturday, Sunday
or other day on which commercial banks in New York, New York are authorized or required by law to close.

 

4.

Representations and Warranties
. ZCV represents and warrants to the Lender as follows:

 

(a)

Existence

. ZCV is an entity duly formed, validly existing, and in good standing under the
laws of the state of its organization. ZCV has the requisite power and authority to own, lease, and operate its property, and to carry
on its business.

 

(b)

Compliance with Law

. ZCV is in material compliance with all laws, statutes, ordinances,
rules, and regulations applicable to or binding on ZCV, its property, and business and has all licenses necessary to conduct its business
or required by applicable law.

 

 

 

2

 

 

 

 

 

(c)

Power and Authority

. ZCV has the requisite power and authority to own and operate its assets
and carry on its business and to execute, deliver, and perform its obligations under this Agreement.

 

(d)

Authorization; No Violation; Execution and Delivery

. The execution and delivery of this
Agreement by ZCV and the performance of its obligations hereunder have been duly authorized by all necessary action in accordance with
applicable law and will not (i) violate ZCV’s articles or certificate of organization or operating agreement (as applicable), and
to ZCV’s knowledge, any provision of any law or any rule, regulation, judgment, order or ruling of any governmental authority, any
agreement or any indenture, mortgage, or other instrument to which ZCV is a party or bound, or (ii) to ZCV’s knowledge, be in conflict
with, result in a breach of, or constitute with the giving of notice or lapse of time, or both, a default under any such agreement, indenture,
mortgage, or other instrument. All actions on the part of the managers or members (as applicable) of ZCV taken in connection with the
execution and delivery, and the performance by ZCV of its obligations under this Agreement remain in full force and effect. ZCV has duly
executed and delivered this Agreement.

 

(e)

Binding Agreement

. This Agreement when executed and delivered by the parties will be, the
legal, valid, and binding obligation of such party, enforceable against such party in accordance with its terms, subject only to limitations
on enforceability imposed by (i) applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, or similar laws affecting creditors’
rights generally, and (ii) general equitable principles.

 

(f)

Financial Statements; Disclosure

. All ZCV financial statements or financial information
provided to Lender in connection with, or to induce Lender to enter into, this Agreement fairly present the financial condition of ZCV
in all material respects and the results of ZCV’s operations for the periods covered thereby, and all financial statements are prepared
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied (“GAAP”), except, in the case of any unaudited
financial statements, the omission of footnotes and, in the case of any interim financial statements, normal year-end adjustments. As
of the date of such financial statements, there were no material liabilities of ZCV, fixed or contingent, not reflected in such financial
statements or the notes thereto. Since the date of such financial statements, there has been no material adverse change in the financial
condition or operations of such ZCV.

 

(g)

Consents and Approvals

. To ZCV’s knowledge, no license of any governmental authority
or of any party to any agreement to which ZCV is a party or by which it may be bound or affected, is necessary at the time this representation
is being made, in connection with the execution, delivery, performance or enforcement of this Agreement, except such as have been obtained
and are in full force and effect under this Agreement.

 

 

 

3

 

 

 

 

 

(h)

Loan Compliance

. ZCV is in compliance with all of the material terms of any loan to which
it is a party and no event of default exists under any such loan.

 

(i)

Litigation

. There is no pending legal, arbitration, or governmental action or proceeding
to which ZCV is a party, and to the best of ZCV’s knowledge, no such action or proceeding is threatened or contemplated.

 

(j)

Taxes

. To ZCV’s knowledge, ZCV has: (i) filed or caused to be filed prior to delinquency
all federal and all state and local tax returns that are required to be filed; (ii) paid all taxes as shown on such returns; and (iii)
paid all other taxes, assessments and governmental charges or levies upon it and its property, income, profits and assets which are due
and payable, except where the payment of such tax, assessment, governmental charge or levy is being contested in good faith and by appropriate
proceedings and adequate reserves in compliance with GAAP have been set aside on ZCV’s books therefor.

 

(k)

Solvency

. ZCV: (i) owns assets the present fair value of which are greater than the amount
that will be required to pay the probable liabilities of ZCV’s then existing debts and liabilities as they become due and payable
considering all financing alternatives and potential asset sales reasonably available to ZCV; and (ii) has capital that is not unreasonably
small in relation to its respective business as presently conducted.

 

5.

Notices
. All notices and other communications relating to this Agreement, the Initial Loan, any
Additional Loan or any Note issued in connection therewith, shall be in writing and shall be deemed given upon the first to occur of (x)
deposit with the United States Postal Service or overnight courier service, properly addressed and postage prepaid; (y) transmittal by
facsimile or e-mail properly addressed (with written acknowledgment from the intended recipient such as “return receipt requested”
function, return e-mail, or other written acknowledgment); or (z) actual receipt by an employee or agent of the other party. Notices hereunder
shall be sent to the following addresses, or to such other address as such party shall specify in writing (with a copy sent via email):

 

 

 
 

 
(a)

 

If to ZCV:

 

 
 

 
 

 
ZenCredit Ventures, LLC

 

 
 

 
 

 
201 S Biscayne Boulevard, 28th Floor, Miami FL 33140

 

 
 

 
 

 
Attention: Gustavo Sansaloni

 

 
 

 
 

 
E-mail: [***]

 

 
 

 
 

 
Facsimile: [***]

 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 
 

 
(b)

 

If to Lender:

 

 
 

 
 

 
Lender Name: Verify Me Inc.

 

 
 

 
 

 
Address: 801 International Parkway, Fifth Floor, Lake Mary, FL 32746

 

 
 

 
 

 
Attention: Adam Stedham

 

 
 

 
 

 
Email: [***]

 

 

 

 

4

 

 

 

 

 

6.

Governing Law, Jurisdiction and Resolution of Disputes
. The Parties acknowledge that ZCV, and its
servicing agent, FNC Services, LLC, maintain an office in New York, New York, and that the State of New York has a substantial relationship
to the Parties and this Agreement, the Initial Loan, any Additional Loan or any Note(s) issued in connection therewith. Matters of construction,
validity and performance of this Agreement and any Note(s) issued hereunder, and any claim, controversy, dispute, or cause of action (whether
in contract, tort, or otherwise) based on, arising out of, or relating to this Agreement, the Initial Loan, any Additional Loan or any
Note(s) issued in connection therewith, and the transactions contemplated hereby (a “
Dispute
”) shall be governed by
and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York applicable to contracts made and performed in such State (without regard
to principles of conflict of laws) and any applicable law of the United States of America).

 

(a)

Submission to Jurisdiction/Venue

. The Parties permanently, irrevocably and unconditionally
(i) agree that any action, suit, or proceeding arising from or relating to a Dispute, including without limitation any proceeding or action
brought to compel or enjoin an arbitration proceeding, or to confirm, vacate or modify an arbitration award (a “
Dispute Proceeding
”),
may only be brought in the state and federal courts located within the State of New York sitting in New York County, (the “Venue
Courts”), (ii) submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Venue Courts with respect to any Dispute Proceeding, and (iii) waive
any objection that they may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue in the Venue Courts or the exercise of jurisdiction by the Venue
Courts over any Dispute Proceeding, including any defense of lack of jurisdiction, improper venue or inconvenient forum. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, final judgment in any Dispute Proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the
judgment or in any other manner provided by law.

 

(b)

Mandatory Mediation And Arbitration

. Notwithstanding Section 7(a) herein, before any Dispute
Proceeding is formally commenced, the parties shall (i) first attempt to resolve the Dispute and any potential Dispute Proceeding by reasonable
discussion in the form of informal mediation, and (ii) if reasonable discussion and informal mediation between the parties is not successful,
shall be submit any Dispute to arbitration before the American Arbitration Association, in accordance with the then-prevailing Commercial
Arbitration Rules of the AAA (the “Rules”). The arbitration shall be held in New York, New York at a location chosen and supplied
by ZCV. Any and all discussions and arbitration demands made pursuant to this Section 6(b) shall be confidential and shall be treated
as compromise and settlement negotiations. No Party may initiate or continue any Dispute Proceeding prior to engaging in reasonable discussions,
giving written notice of the Party’s belief that further reasonable discussions would be futile and engaging in Arbitration through
completion. Any Dispute Proceeding commenced in violation of this section shall be dismissed or stayed, without requiring any Party to
post a bond or undertaking (or in the event that a bond or undertaking is required as a matter of law, then any such bond or undertaking
shall be in a nominal amount).

 

 

 

5

 

 

 

 

 

(c)

Jury Waiver

. THE PARTIES HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVE ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL
BY JURY IN ANY DISPUTE PROCEEDING, OR WITH RESPECT TO ANY COUNTERCLAIMS, CROSS-CLAIMS OR THIRD PARTY CLAIMS RELATED THERETO.

 

7.

Cross Default
. (i) The occurrence of an uncured payment related event of default under any other
loan to which ZCV is a party, or (ii) the occurrence of an uncured default which results in the acceleration and demand for payment of
all principal and interest owed under any other loan to which ZCV is a party and has defaulted on for a reason other than a payment related
event of default, will cause all amounts due pursuant to this Agreement to become immediately due and payable.

 

8.

Remedies
.

 In the event that ZCV concedes, or an arbitrator or court of competent jurisdiction
finds, that ZCV is in material default of its obligations to Lender hereunder, ZCV shall consent to, and shall not oppose, the appointment
of an independent third party for the purposes of acting as a trustee administrator (the “
Trustee Administrator
”).
The Trustee Administrator shall be selected, and may be changed from time to time at the sole discretion of, ZCV. The Trustee Administrator
shall: manage ZCV’s business portfolio, provide reporting to the Lender of the same, and make available payments of ZCV’s
obligations, including the obligations of ZCV to Lender hereunder and under any Note(s). In addition, the Trustee Administrator shall
oversee the winding down or winding up of ZCV and shall act as the appropriate liaison between ZCV and all third party services used by
ZCV in its business operations and/or joint ventures, such as bookkeeping, accounting, auditing, and collections. Lender shall have the
right, but not the obligation, to elect the remedy of the appointment of a Trustee Administrator following the good faith discussions
and Arbitration as detailed in paragraph 7(b), above, and that election shall serve as a waiver of any other remedies at law or equity
against ZCV, including the right to commence a Dispute Proceeding.

 

9.

Successors and Assigns
. Neither this Agreement nor any Note(s) issued thereunder, nor any rights
or obligations arising thereunder or related thereto, may be assigned or transferred by the Lender to any individual, corporation, company,
limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, partnership, unincorporated organization, governmental authority, or other
entity without ZCV’s prior written consent (which consent will not be unreasonably withheld, particularly in the event of the death,
disability or insolvency of Lender or the assignment of Lender’s assets to a trust, or the assignment to Lender’s successor,
assign, heir, executor or immediately family member). ZCV may assign its rights and obligations hereunder (and under any Note(s) issued
hereunder), to any company affiliate of ZCV or to any successor of ZCV (including any entity which purchases the majority of the assets
of ZCV) in which the current managers of ZCV continue to manage the affiliate or successor company.

 

10.

Integration
.

 This Agreement constitute the entire contract between ZCV and the Lender with
respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect thereto
(other than any Note(s) previously issued by ZCV for the benefit of Lender, which shall remain enforceable by the noteholder against ZCV
and its successors and assigns).

 

 

 

6

 

 

 

 

 

11.

Amendments and Waivers
. No term of this Agreement may be waived, modified, or amended, except by
an instrument in writing signed by the Party to be so bound. Any waiver of the terms hereof shall be effective only in the specific instance
and for the specific purpose given.

 

12.

Severability
. If any term or provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal, or unenforceable
in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability shall not render such term or provision invalid or unenforceable
in any other jurisdiction nor shall it affect any other term or provision of this Agreement or any outstanding Note(s) issued hereunder,
all of which shall remain in full force and effect.

 

13.

Counterparts/Execution
. This Agreement and any amendments, waivers, consents, or supplements hereto
(and any Note(s) issued hereunder) may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which taken
together shall constitute a single contract. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page by facsimile or in electronic (“pdf”
or “tif”) format shall be as effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Note. The words “execution,”
“signed,” “signature,” and words of similar import in this Note shall be deemed to include electronic and digital
signatures and the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same effect, validity, and enforceability as manually
executed signatures and paper-based recordkeeping systems, to the extent and as provided for under applicable law, including the 
Electronic
Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act of 2000
 (15 U.S.C. § 7001 et seq.), the Electronic Signatures and Records Act
of 1999 (N.Y. State Tech. Law §§ 301-309), and any other similar state laws based on the 
Uniform Electronic Transactions
Act.
 This Agreement shall be construed as having been negotiated and drafted by both Parties, the authorized agents and signatories
of whom are sophisticated businesspeople, and both Parties have availed themselves of the opportunity to review the document with the
legal counsel of their choosing. No ambiguities shall be resolved against either party as “the drafter”. By signing on behalf
of an entity, a signatory affirmatively represents that the signatory is duly and properly authorized to bind that entity, and that by
so signing on behalf of that entity, the signatory intends to and hereby does so bind that entity to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement.

 

[
Signature Page Follows
]

 

 

 

7

 

 

 

 

 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed
this Master Loan Agreement as of

 

 

 
Lender Name:  Verify Me Inc.

 
 

 
ZenCredit Ventures, LLC

 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 
By:

 
/s/ Adam Stedham

 
 

 
By:

 
/s/ Avi Ellman

 

 
Name:

 
Adam Stedham

 
 

 
Name:

 
Avi Ellman

 

 
Title:

 
Authorized Member

 
 

 
Title:

 
Manager

 

 
Date:

 
8/8/2025

 
 

 
Date:

 
8/7/2025

 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
Email:

 

[***]

 

 

 

8