EX-10.1

2

ex10-1.htm

 

 

Exhibit
10.1

 

LOAN
AGREEMENT

 

This
Loan Agreement (“
Loan Agreement
”) is made effective as of November 15, 2023, by and among Viewbix Ltd., a company
organized under the laws of the State of Israel (the “
Company
”), and the lenders set forth in 
Schedule I
 hereto
(each, a “
Lender
”, and collectively, the “
Lenders
”).

 

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and mutual covenants hereinafter contained, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

 

1.

Amount
 of the Loan
. The Lenders hereby undertake to provide to the Company loans, in the amounts
 set forth opposite each Lender’s name in 
Schedule I
 hereto, in one or more transactions,
 in the aggregate amount of US$480,000 (four hundred eighty thousand), and the Lenders may,
 in the aggregate and at such Lender’s sole discretion, elect to lend an additional
 amount of up to US$520,000 (five hundred twenty thousand) thereby resulting in an aggregate
 of up to $1,000,000 (one million). The principal amount of the loan shall be referred to
 as the “
Loan Principal
” and the date of each disbursement of the Loan
 Principal shall be referred to as the “
Date of Grant
”.

 

2.

Interest
.
 The Loan Principal shall bear an annual interest of 9% accruing from the Date of Grant through
 the date of the repayment in full of the Loan Principal (the 
“Interest
”,
 and the Loan Principal together with any accrued and unpaid interest, the “
Loan
 Amount
”).

 

3.

Loan
 Repayment
. The Loan Amount shall be repaid over the course of two (2) years following
 January 1, 2024 (the “
Repayment Period
”), whereby for the first twelve
 (12) months following January 1, 2024, the Company shall repay on a quarterly basis the Interest
 accrued on the Loan Principal as of such repayment date (for the avoidance of any doubt,
 the Company shall not repay any of the Loan Principal during the first twelve (12) months
 following January 1, 2024), and for the remaining twelve (12) months, the Company shall repay
 on a quarterly basis the outstanding Loan Amount, as illustrated in the loan amortization
 schedule attached hereto as 
Schedule II
. For the avoidance of doubt, each Lender may
 at its discretion offset any portion of the outstanding Loan Amount owed by the Borrower,
 as of such repayment date set forth in the foregoing repayment schedule, towards the payment
 of the exercise price for the shares of Common Stock underlying the Warrants, as set forth
 and defined in Section 4 below.

 

3.1.

Notwithstanding
 anything to the contrary, the Company may elect to repay a part or all of the Loan Amount
 earlier than contemplated in Section 3, with no penalty, premium or other fee or payment.

 

3.2.

Notwithstanding
 anything to the contrary, in the event that the Company fails to repay a part or all of the
 Loan Amount (due to insufficient cash amount – as determined by the board of directors
 of Viewbix Inc. (the “
Parent
”) in good faith based on the Parent’s
 latest consolidated balance sheet, statements of income and statements of cash flow) following
 the lapse of the Repayment Period, each Lender shall be entitled, at its discretion, to convert
 the outstanding Loan Amount owed to each respective Lender into shares of the Parent’s
 common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (“
Common Stock
”), at a price
 per share equal to the 30-day average of the closing bid price of the Common Stock on such
 exchange or quotation system upon which the Common Stock is listed or quoted, as applicable,
 calculated as of such date the respective portion of the outstanding Loan Amount becomes
 repayable (the “
Converted Stock
”). The Lenders shall be entitled to the
 foregoing conversion right for a period of twelve (12) months following the lapse of the
 Repayment Period, and upon the earlier of the lapse of such period, or upon issuance of the
 Converted Stock, the Company shall be relieved of any obligations under this Loan Agreement,
 including the obligation to repay the Loan Amount to the respective Lender.

 

4.

Warrants
.
 For every dollar amount of the Loan Principal granted by each Lender under this Agreement,
 such Lender shall be granted a warrant to purchase up to one share of Common Stock (the “
Warrants
”)
 for each one dollar such Lender lends to the Company. The terms of the Warrants, including,
 without limitation, the exercise period and price, shall be as set forth in the form of Warrants,
 all subject to the approval of the Parent. Each Lender undertakes to take all actions and
 to sign all documents required, at the discretion of the Company and the Parent, in order
 to give effect to and enforce the above terms and conditions. Any tax liability in connection
 with the Warrants shall be borne solely by each Lender.

 

 

 

 

2

 

 

5.

Restrictions
 on Common Stock
. The Lenders understand that the Converted Stock, the Warrants and upon
 exercise, the shares of Common Stock underlying the Warrants shall be, “restricted
 securities” within the meaning of Rule 144 under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as
 amended (the “
Securities Act
”) and may not be sold, pledged, assigned
 or transferred and must be held indefinitely in the absence of (i) an effective registration
 statement under the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws with respect thereto,
 or (ii) an opinion of counsel satisfactory to the Parent that such registration is not required.
 The certificates for each of the shares of Converted Stock, Warrants and underlying shares
 of Common Stock shall bear the following or similar legend (in addition to such other restrictive
 legends as are required or deemed advisable under any applicable law or any other agreement
 to which the Parent is a party):

 

“THE
SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”),
OR UNDER THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATES. THESE SECURITIES ARE SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFERABILITY AND RESALE AND MAY NOT BE
TRANSFERRED OR RESOLD EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND THE APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION
OR EXEMPTION THEREFROM. UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, THE ISSUER OF THESE SECURITIES
MAY REQUIRE AN OPINION OF COUNSEL IN FORM AND SUBSTANCE SATISFACTORY TO THE ISSUER TO THE EFFECT THAT ANY PROPOSED TRANSFER OR RESALE
IS IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT AND ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS.”

 

The
Lenders consent to the Parent making a notation on its records or giving instructions to any transfer agent of the Converted Stock, the
Warrants and the shares of Common Stock underlying the Warrants in order to implement the restrictions on any such transfer set forth
and described herein.

 

6.

Events
 of Default
. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Loan Amount will immediately become due
 and payable upon any Event of Default as defined herein. The occurrence of any of the following
 shall be an “
Event of Default
”:

 

6.1.

In
 the event that the Company breaches the repayment provisions contained in Section 3 above,
 in which case such breach shall constitute a material breach and Lenders shall each be entitled
 to terminate this Loan Agreement provided that it first gives the Company written notice
 of such breach.

 

6.2.

A
 receiver, administrator, liquidator, whether temporary or permanent, was appointed to the
 Company or its business or its property, all or part of it, which appointment was not canceled
 within 90 days;

 

6.3.

The
 Company adopts a resolution for winding up or a winding up order has been issued against
 it, or a lien has been imposed over its assets or part of them and said lien has not been
 lifted within 30 days, or ceasing to conduct its business on a permanent basis; or

 

6.4.

The
 Company ceases to be an SEC reporting company or fails to timely file any required periodic
 or annual reports with the SEC.

 

7.

Accounting
 Records
. The books, accounting records and receipts of each of the Lenders obligate both
 sides to this Loan Agreement and will be used as conclusive proof against the Company with
 regard to moneys that the Company owes under this Loan Agreement and/or with regard to other
 details included in this Loan Agreement.

 

8.

Miscellaneous
.

 

8.1.

Entire
 Agreement
. This Loan Agreement constitutes and contains the entire agreement of the parties
 with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes any and all prior agreements regarding
 the subject matter hereof.

 

 

 

 

3

 

 

8.2.

Governing
 Law.
 This Loan Agreement shall be governed by and construed according to the laws of
 the State of Israel, without regard to the conflict of laws provisions thereof. Any dispute
 arising under or in relation to this Loan Agreement shall be resolved in the competent court
 for Tel Aviv-Jaffa district, and each of the parties hereby submits irrevocably to the jurisdiction
 of such court.

 

8.3.

Assignability
.
 Neither the Company nor the Lender shall not have the right to assign its rights hereunder
 or any interest herein, without the prior written consent of the opposite party.

 

8.4.

No
 Waiver; Amendments
. This Loan Agreement may not be amended or modified except by written
 agreement between the Company and each of the Lenders, and no consent or waiver hereunder
 shall be valid unless in writing and signed by each of the Lenders. The failure of either
 party to require performance of any provision of this Loan Agreement shall not be construed
 as a waiver of that party’s rights to insist on performance of that same provision,
 or any other provision, at some other time. No right may be waived except in a writing signed
 by the party entitled to assert the right. The waiver by either party of any right created
 by this Loan Agreement in one or more instances shall not be construed as a further continuing
 waiver of such right or any other right created by this Loan Agreement.

 

8.5.

Severability
.
 If any provision of this Loan Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, all other
 provisions of this Loan Agreement shall be deemed valid and enforceable to the full extent
 possible.

 

8.6.

Notices.
 
Any demand notice or communication under this Loan Agreement shall be in writing and
 shall be hand delivered or sent by registered mail return receipt requested to the party
 receiving such communication at the address specified herein or such other address as either
 party may in the future specify to the other party.

 

[Signature
Page Follows]

 

 

 

 

4

 

 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF the parties have signed this Loan Agreement as of the date first set forth above.

 

 

 

VIEWBIX
 LTD.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

By

 

    

 

 

 

 

Name:
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Title:
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

By

 

 

 

 

 

 

Name:
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Title:
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

LENDER:

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

By

 

 

 

 

 

 

Name:
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

[Signature
Page to Loan Agreement, November 15, 2023]

 

 

 

 

5

 

 

Schedule
I

 

 

 
Lender

 

 
Loan Principal Amount

 

 

 
Yoram Baumann

 

 
$

75,000

 

 

 
Amihay Hadad

 

 
$

20,000

 

 

 
Shahar Marom

 

 
$

10,000

 

 

 
L.I.A. Pure Capital Ltd

 

 
$

75,000

 

 

 
Medigus Ltd.

 

 
$

200,000

 

 

 
Eli Yoresh

 

 
$

20,000

 

 

 
Amitay Weiss

 

 
$

20,000

 

 

 
Ehud Weiss

 

 
$

50,000

 

 

 
Targa Independent Ltd.

 

 
$

10,000

 

 

 
Total

 

 
$

480,000